South Africa’s Parliament on Friday urged President Cyril Ramaphosa to intervene in efforts to stabilise the embattled South African Airways (SAA).  Parliament’s Portfolio Committee on Tourism said in a statement that the country’s national carrier pleaded with the government to intervene. “As the peak Christmas season approaches, a speedy response is needed to assure the country and the world that South Africa is still a destination of choice and its national carrier can and will continue to provide services.’’ This came after Flight Centre, the country’s largest travel agency, discontinued selling airline tickets or packages for SAA. This was due to the airline’s financial instability and the risks involved, as Flight Centre’s preferred travel insurance provider decided not to cover SAA under its insolvency benefit, due to the reported doubts over SAA’s long-term viability. Flight Centre also claims that the government is sending mixed signals about the possibility of a bailout to the cash-strapped airline. Supra Mahumapelo, chairperson of the committee said the flight Centre’s decision has raised concern, as the airline is still recovering from a week-long strike that took place earlier , which has cost the country millions of dollars and has had an impact on tourism. Mahumapelo said a task team of ministers is required to deal with the situation, with the president’s intervention. Minister of Tourism Mmamoloko Kubayi-Ngubane should lead the efforts and take the responsibility to ensure that the president get involved, Mahumapelo said. SAA has been in financial trouble for long due to poor management. Over the past 13 years, the flag carrier has incurred over 28 billion rand (about 1.9 billion U.S. dollars) in cumulative losses. The airline’s request for a further bailout was dealt a heavy blow recently after the government said it would not extend further support to state-owned entities. Finance Minister Tito Mboweni announced in October that any further bailout would be in the form of loans that will have to be repaid with interest.