The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) in Ebonyi says it will clamp-down on mechanically deficient vehicles seen on the state’s roads this ‘Ember’ months. Mrs Stella Uchegbu, FRSC Ebonyi Sector Commander, said this in an interview with our reporter on Sunday in Abakaliki on the World Day for Remembrance of Road Traffic Crashes’ Victims. The theme of this year’s celebration is “Life Is Not A Car Part”. Uchegbu said that the command would be aggressive in its approach to ensure that such vehicles were not seen on the state’s roads. “Several vehicles that have not been used for long will be put on the roads by their owners because of the high need for vehicles this festive period. “We seek the assistance of ‘sister’ agencies such as the Vehicle Inspection Office (VIO) and Police to ensure that non-road worthy vehicles are not allowed on the roads. “The VIO should put ‘Do not move’ sign on such vehicles, while we put-in more efforts to improve inspection of such vehicles,” she said. The sector commander said that it would increase its enlightenment campaign on motorists to ensure that their vehicles were road-worthy and generally obey road traffic regulations. “We will engage in our quarterly inspection of vehicles where we set aside two to three days to inspect and ensure road worthiness of vehicles as part of our Corporate Social Responsibility. “During such days, we do not ‘book’ the drivers but give them ‘check-lists’ containing detected faults in their vehicles which they are expected to rectify,” she said. She said that the FRSC would use the occasion to remember victims of road traffic accidents: the dead, injured and the families they left behind. “We enjoin road users to remember that it is only when they travel and arrive safely that they can say they are good road users. “They should ensure that the end of the year does not end their year and that after this end of the year, there are several end of the years ahead of us. “It is our hope that through collective efforts, we will change peoples’ attitude towards road usage and check the hazards road users encounter. “The theme of this year’s celebration, `life is not a Car Part’ is apt as we appreciate the efforts of various stakeholders who collaborated with us to ensure safer roads in the state and country,” she said. It was reported that activities held to mark the 2019 celebration includes road-shows, symposiums, visits to road crash victims in hospitals, Muslim and Church services for the dead and their families among others.