Mr Bigg’s, the Quick Service Restaurants (QSR) being run by UAC Restaurants Limited is raising the bar of Customer’s lifestyle experience and excitement, as it has gone ahead to activate more contemporary restaurants in Lagos and other states. Mr Bigg’s launched its model restaurant at Northwest Filing Station at VGC, Lagos in a grand event which took place in July, this year. [Mr Bigg’s Northwest VGC] The store which houses both Mr Bigg’s and Debonairs Pizza counters is exquisitely designed with great interior finishing, which is an embodiment of taste, class and convenience, with wooden wall features, suspended pendants lighting, floral arrangements and wall paintings, all conveying a strong desire to offer their customers  high level of class and comfort. With ample space in the downstairs and upstairs lobby which offers the coziest setting, it’s tastefully finished with and relaxable sitting options in loosed seats, bunks and timber bench seats. The kids play area also offers the perfect fun experience for children. [Mr Bigg’s Northwest VGC] The vibrancy of the model restaurant is seen in all of Mr Bigg’s new outlets in different parts of the country including Challenge in Ibadan, Onisha, Owerri, Idiroko and outlets in Amuwo Odofin, Ijeshatedo and Abule Egba in Lagos State. The new outlets, according to Mrs Ethel Mba, Marketing Manager, UAC Restaurants, depicts excellence, offering a wide variety of meals ranging from local to continental dishes, which according to her, is the heritage of Mr Bigg’s. [Mr Bigg’s Northwest VGC] Many customers who have visited the new restaurants are impressed and excited with the excellent service experience which they say largely addresses their eating needs. Mr Bigg’s, with over 75 restaurants in Nigeria, is a response to consumers’ need for quick, fresh and tasty meals as they become increasingly busy and less time for cooking. [Mr Bigg’s Ijesha] Mr Bigg’s specialties include Meat pie, Scotch egg, Doughnut, Peppered and Barbeque Marinated Chicken, Celebration cakes and different types of confectionaries, while Nigeria delicacies include soups like Efo riro, Edikiakong, Fisherman Soup etc. [Mr Bigg’s Ibadan] While the customers are excited by this new development, Mr Bigg’s Management has expressed commitment to passionately drive the business objective of growing and sustaining a positive image for the brand and building consumer loyalty.