Zedcap Partners Limited (ZPL), the Securities Brokerage arm of Zedcrest Capital Limited has been adjudged the Best Brokerage Service firm in Nigeria at the 2019 FMDQ Gold Award held on Friday, November 8, at Lagos Oriental Hotel, Victoria Island. FMDQ is Africa’s first vertically integrated financial market infrastructure (FMI) group, strategically positioned to provide seamless execution, clearing and settlement of financial market transactions across the debt capital, foreign exchange and derivatives markets, through the FMDQ Entities – FMDQ Securities Exchange, FMDQ Clear Limited and FMDQ Depository Limited – towards transforming the Nigerian financial markets through its “GOLD” (Global Competitiveness, Operational Excellence, Liquidity and Diversity) Agenda. According to the organizers, Zedcap Partners was selected by members as the FMDQ Association member (Inter-dealer Broker) that provides the most exemplary brokerage service. “On behalf of Zedcap Partners, I’m extremely honored to accept the Best Brokerage Service award from FMDQ,” Mr Oluseyi Akinbi, Managing Director, Zedcap Partners and Director, Zedcrest Capital said. “This award is a true testament to the hard work, dedication and innovative mindset that all of our team members exhibit each day for our client progress. We are thrilled to be recognized for our achievements in improving brokerage service in Nigeria.” “Our value proposition is to enhance price discovery and transparency in the markets we play by studying clients’ needs and providing all information and resources required to execute trades in a timely and efficient manner with minimal slippage and market volatility”, he said. Commenting on the award, Mr Adedayo Amzat,CFA, Group Managing Director of Zedcrest Capital reaffirmed the company’s commitment to deliver world-class brokerage service to its extensive client base of institutional clients including leading investment banks, commercial banks, asset managers, hedge funds and corporations. “We want to continuously improve in every regard. Our vision is to enrich the lives of everyone we encounter. That includes our clients, employees and stakeholders”, he said. The GOLD Awards, a first in the Nigerian financial markets, was designed to acknowledge and formally recognise the contributions of participants within the FMDQ markets, whose activities have positively and directly impacted the development of the markets thereby making them “GOLD” – Globally Competitive, Operationally Excellent, Liquid and Diverse. The award is coming just few weeks after Zedcrest Capital’s recognition as the Diversified Financial Services Group of the Year at the 7th BusinessDay Banks’ and Other Financial Institutions (BAFI) Awards in Lagos. The event which had in attendance industry captains from private and public sector had Mr Godwin Emefiele, Governor, Central Bank of Nigeria and Mr Babatunde Sanwo-Olu, Executive Governor of Lagos State as special guests of honour. Sanwo-Olu also received the “FMDQ Enabler Award” in recognition of the role as an ex-financial markets practitioner with considerable contributions to market development. Zedcap Partners Limited (ZPL) is the Securities Brokerage arm of Zedcrest Capital Limited, and is engaged in the broking of financial products in sub-Saharan Africa OTC Fixed Income and currencies markets (FICC). We are duly licensed by the Financial Markets Dealership Quotation (FMDQ) and the Securities Exchange Commission (SEC) as Inter-Dealer Brokers (IDB) to broker Government & Corporate Bonds, Treasury Bills, Eurobonds, Money Markets and Derivative Instruments.