No fewer than 2,200 Batch C, Stream One National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) members on Thursday commenced orientation course in Enugu State after an official swearing-in ceremony.  The state Governor, Ifeanyi Uguanyi, administered the oath of allegiance on the corps members at the Orientation Camp in Awgu Local Government Area of the state. Represented by his Adviser, Special Duties, Mr Uwakwe Azikiwe, the governor urged the youths to be of good conduct during the exercise. He expressed delight at the contribution of corps members to the socioeconomic development of the state, saying, “we shall continue to engage the youths in developing the state”. “As a government, we are assuring you of safety and security while serving in this state. “We shall provide you with the needed support to effectively perform your duties during the service year,” he said. Ugwuanyi stated that Enugu was a peaceful and friendly state, saying, “be at home and be of good conduct” The governor urged them to participate actively in the orientation activities, especially those concerning skills acquisition and entrepreneurial development. “Entrepreneurial skills will equip you to become self-sustaining and reliant during and after your service year,” he said. Earlier, the state NYSC Coordinator, Mr Stephen Dewan, said that the Skills Acquisition and Entrepreneurial Development (SAED) were crucial to the scheme. Dewan said that the programme had been reinvigorated by the authorities to create opportunities for acquisition of vocational skills during the service year. He said that the scheme was aimed at equipping the corps members with skills to contribute meaningfully to national development. The coordinator commended the state government for its support to the scheme, describing it as a dependable ally. He said that the scheme still required the assistance of the state government in the upgrade of facilities at the orientation camp. “We appeal once more for the intervention of the state government in upgrading the facilities in the camp and provision of operational vehicles. “We also urge the state government to consider increasing the allowances of corps members serving in the state institutions,” he said.