The Minister of Information an Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed has described Chief Bisi Akande as “a man of principle, integrity and a politician with strict adherence to good governance’’.  The minister hailed Akande, the pioneer National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday in Abuja at the public presentation and launch of a book, “The Challenges of Good Governance in Nigeria’’. It was reported that the book was written and dedicated in honour of Akande by Mr Oluseyi Adetanmi. “What we witnessed today is a celebration of a man of principle, integrity and politician with strict adherence to good governance. “His undersdtanding of good governance is how positively government can impact on the people. “I am glad that speakers here today have spoken glowingly on how Chief Bisis Akande from his days in the 1960s till date has stand out as a man on integrity. “What we are celebrating today is the contrast to a generally accepted wrong notion that integrity does not pay,’’ Mohammed told newsmen at the event. The minister said that the essence of being in politics was to render good governance, selfless service to the populace and not about fat bank accounts. “For instance, we were told here today that when the military struck in 1983 and Chief Akande was arrested, they found only about N2000 in his bank account. “Today, we have many politicians in Nigeria that own so many houses, billions of Naira in their accounts, but they are not being celebrated like this man. “The implication of this is that, Integrity pays,’’ he said. Mohammed said that when he was the spokesman of APC, he learnt a lot working with Akande. Earlier, the book reviewer, Prof. Yemi Akinseye-George said that the 518-page book is a fitting tribute to Akande, “an astute politician whose life is worthy of emulation’’. He said Akande in his political career left legacy of good governance and the book was in honour of his contributions to good governance. Akinseye-George said the book examined issues of policing amd Police reform, resource control and fiscal federalism and challenges relating to Local Government autonomy. The reviewer said that the book also examined issues of economy diversification, Constitutional ammendment, freedom of press, achieving viable federalism and national cohesion. Present at the event were, Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, ministers, lawmakers, representatives of Governors of Osun, Kano and Lagos. Born in Ila-Orangun in Osun state in 1939, Akande started his career as a school teacher in the then Western region before he later secured employment as Accounting Officer in the the British Petroleum. In 1976, he was appointed a Councillor in Ila Local Government Council and later Secretary to Old Oyo state Government in 1982 when the late Chief Bola Ige was a governor. Akande was elected Governor of Osun state in 1999 under the platform of Alliance for Democracy. He was at different times the National Chairman of Alliance for Democracy, Action Congress, Action Congress of Nigeria and a pioneer National Chairman of APC.