Global technology company, Cisco, says it is poised to accelerate growth of small businesses in Nigeria, through tailor-made technology solutions.  Mr Olakunle Oloruntimehin, General Manager, Cisco Nigeria and West African Countries, said this on Thursday in Lagos, during a media roundtable ahead of the ”Cisco Small Business Summit”. Oloruntimehin said that the company would help small businesses grow in Nigeria through its provision of simple, secure and flexible portfolio of solutions. According to him, built under the Cisco ”Designed for Business” brand, the small business portfolio delivers the right products at the right price for small businesses to thrive. He said that to further accelerate growth, Cisco was doubling partner investments in Nigeria and creating an easy and frictionless experience for both partners and customers with faster response times and immediate access to expertise. ”Today, every business around the world is in a position where they have to strategise in order to stay ahead of the competition. ”At Cisco, we have become dedicated to helping these small businesses leverage emerging technologies to accelerate their growth. ”This thereby provides a fair ground where every business, no matter their size, can access the opportunity to realize the full potential of digitisation in their operations,” Oloruntimehin said. Also commenting, the Small Business Manager, Cisco West Africa, Lela Omo-Ikirodah said about 90 per cent of businesses worldwide could be considered small or medium sized businesses. Omo-Ikirodah said that Cisco carried out some intense research to see what could be done globally to cater to the small business market. She said that the research had made Cisco to increase the focus on small businesses globally. According to her, the Cisco ”Designed for Business” portfolio delivers the right products at the right price for small businesses. ”It also provides increased investment in partner programmes to incentivise partners who are focused in the small business space. ”The Small Business Summit is a vital event for us because it is an opportunity for us to educate our partners on all these solutions available to help small businesses grow especially in Nigeria and West Africa. ”Cisco continues to invest in building a digital economy through its curated portfolio of products. ”The company offers a comprehensive package of products specifically designed for small businesses,” she said. Omo-Ikirodah said that the Cisco ”Designed for Business” would offer solutions that enable small businesses to connect, compute and collaborate securely.