International fixtures has come and gone and most league watchers and enthusiasts will be buoyed by the fact that a whirlwind of non-stop league and continental matches are what will be on display for months till the next round of international fixtures come again. For the most popularly watched football league in the world (The English Premier League) the drama, fixtures and talking points aren’t showing any signs of slowing down, on the contrary with the recent decision by the Tottenham Hotspur board to shockingly sack under-performing Mauricio Pochettino and securing the services of former Man United, Chelsea, Real Madrid, Inter Milan and Porto coach and arguably the most controversial, talked about manager of all time, Jose Mourinho, this weekend round of fixtures unarguably has a new star attraction and will definitely be one to watch. A tantalizing fixture to kick-off the weekend round of matches with the return of “the special one” or “the humble one” as he so aptly put it in his first press conference as the Tottenham manager. Jose Mourinho’s return couldn’t have been more perfect with his first game as Spurs coach holding against a fellow London outfit West ham. Only one point separates both team at the table with the hosts occupying the 16th position on the table while the visitors are stuck in the 14th place with a +1goal difference to the host’s – 5. A victory and three points will do both sides good and take them farther from the much-feared relegation zone. Tottenham’s tormentor-in-chief Harry Kane had a good international break with the English national team with the striker bagging 5 goals in as many games to lead England to Euro qualification. He has been directly involved in 13 goals for England during the European Championship qualifiers. Only Russia’s Artem Dzyuba (14) has been involved in more goals. Want-away Midfield Orchestrator Christian Eriksen was also on the scoresheet for his native Denmark leading his country to Euro 2020 qualification also. Both players will be tasked with the responsibility of transferring their international form to Tottenham colours. Struggling Arsenal resume Premier League action with a home game against an equally struggling Southampton side which recently suffered a humiliating 9-0 drubbing to a rejuvenated Brendan Rodgers-led Leicester outfit.  No manager in the league is under more scrutiny than the Spaniard Unai Emery and it’s a bit shocking that at the end of the international break he’s still in the Arsenal managerial dugout after a series of disappointing results in the league, more prominently a loss to newly-promoted Sheffield United, a 2-0 loss to fellow top 4 chasing Leicester city and draws to wolves, crystal palace (all transpiring from a winning position). As it stands it’s simply a matter of when not if he’ll get the sack and with the shocking decision by North London rivals Tottenham to let go of their own manager, the ex-Sevilla and PSG coach will be feeling the heat and would be in desperate search of a win and three points to get closer to fellow top 4 challengers (Leicester and Chelsea). A goal-filled match is in prospect, that’s for sure. FULL EPL FIXTURES 