Tony O. Elumelu, CON, Founder of The Tony Elumelu Foundation (TEF) and Chairman of the United Bank for Africa Group (UBA) and Heirs Holdings, will be conferred with the National Productivity Order of Merit (NPOM) Award by the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, H.E. Muhammadu Buhari, GCFR in recognition of his continuous hard work and total commitment to the empowerment of youths in Nigeria and Africa. The award ceremony will be held in Abuja, Nigeria on Thursday, November 28. The NPOM Award was instituted by the Federal Government through the Ministry of Labour and Employment to honour deserving Nigerians in recognition of their hard work and excellence. In a letter from the Minister of Labour and Employment, Dr. Chris Ngige stated, “The President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria has approved the conferment of the National Productivity Order of Merit Award on you in recognition of your high productivity, hard work and excellence”. Elumelu is one of Africa’s leading investors and philanthropists, as well as the most prominent proponent of entrepreneurship in Africa. In 2010, he created The Tony Elumelu Foundation, a private-sector-led philanthropy empowering African entrepreneurs and championing African entrepreneurship on the continent. The Foundation’s flagship initiative, the TEF Entrepreneurship Programme, is a 10-year, $100 million commitment to identify, train, mentor and fund 10,000 young African entrepreneurs across 54 African countries. The Foundation’s mission is inspired by Tony’s economic philosophy of Africapitalism, which positions the private sector, and most importantly entrepreneurs, as the catalyst for the social and economic development of the continent. Embodying this narrative in the private sector, Mr. Elumelu has built his reputation as a corporate turnaround expert. He is credited for leading the largest merger in corporate banking history in Nigeria, resulting in what is known as present-day UBA Group, Africa’s global bank, employing over 30,000 staff and with branches across 20 African countries, London, New York and Paris. In 2010, he founded Heirs Holdings, a family-owned investment company, committed to improving lives and transforming Africa. Today, Heirs Holdings’ portfolio spans the power, oil and gas, financial services, hospitality, real estate and healthcare sectors, operating in twenty-three countries worldwide. Through Heirs Holdings, Elumelu is committed to the sustainable development of the African economy, channelling his investments and experience into improving lives across the continent, while changing the narrative of Africa.   Other awardees include Alhaji Aliko Dangote, Oba Otudeko, Col Hameed Ali (retd.), among other notable Nigerians.