Special Marshals under the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) have appreciated the Corps Marshal, Mr Boboye Oyeyemi, for lifting the suspension on the enlistment of its members.  Dr Sini Kwabe, National Coordinator of the Special Marshals, made the commendation in Abakaliki during its sectoral workshop with the theme: ‘The FRSC special marshals: yesterday, today and tomorrow’. Kwabe, who appreciated the efforts of Ebonyi command in hosting the event, also thanked the corps marshal for approving the theme for the sectoral workshop. “We have about 18,000 members in Nigeria and rank among the highest volunteer forces in the world. “We have among this workforce, Lawyers, Accountants, Captains of Industry, Clergy among other respected members of the society which look upon us to improve our services. “The special marshals should effectively complement the efforts of regular marshals and ‘sister’ security agencies to achieve best results in ensuring safety on our roads,” he said. He said that special marshals render selfless service to their immediate communities and urged members not to be deterred by challenges experienced while performing their humanitarian services. “Every family in the country is directly or indirectly affected by road carnage, which mostly involve the bread-winners,” he said. Mrs Stella Uchegbu, FRSC Sector Commander in Ebonyi, said that the FRSC establishment Act of 2007 empowers special marshals to carry out patrols and other activities to ensure good road usage. “They can arrest and ‘book’ traffic offenders, carry out rescue operations and prosecute traffic offenders when necessary. “The special marshals’ conference is annual and this year’s workshop reflects on the purpose of establishing the special marshal arm of the corps. “It is also to ascertain their performances within their mandate of impacting on the motoring public. “The workshop is topical and relevant to present-day realities on our roads with one of the most challenging being traffic management,” she said. Gov. David Umahi, represented by the state Head of Service, Dr Chamberlain Nwele, thanked the special marshals for complementing the role of the regular marshals in reducing carnage on the roads. “The carnages experienced during festive season have drastically reduced as the state government has complemented this effort by providing good roads across the state,” he said. Dr Anya Kama, Special Marshals Coordinator in Ebonyi, noted that the event would afford them the opportunity to appraise their performances for improved services.