…As Anambra, Rivers, Benue, Ogun shine  A new record of 15 perfect scores has been set by participating students as the National Examination Council (NECO) released the result 2019 Cowbellpedia Qualifying Examination result conducted nationwide recently. The old record of six perfect scores achieved in 2016 was erased in this year’s qualifying examinations by students in the junior category and three others in the senior Category. CowbellpediaSecondary School Mathematics TV Quiz Show is in its 21st edition and is sponsored by Cowbell our milk, the flagship brand of Promasidor Nigeria Limited and the result has been posted on Cowbellpedia website; www.cowbellpedia.ng. It can also be accessed through a live chat on Facebook messenger @cowbellmilk. The candidates with the perfect scores are from schools in 10 states and the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja. While Anambra, Rivers, Benue and Ogun States each have two students on the list of excellence, Edo, Akwa Ibom, Lagos, Kaduna, Abia and Osun States plus the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja produced one candidate each. Further analysis of the result reveals that 182 junior candidates and 57 senior candidates scored between 91 and 100 percent, 438 junior and 103 senior candidates fall within 81 and 90 percent bracket, while 893 candidates in the junior and 280 in the senior got between 71 and 80 per cent. In all, 108 students (54 each for junior and senior categories) will contest at the Second Stage of the competition, which is the Television Quiz Show. The candidates will go through preliminary and semi-final phases with the best six in each category emerging to compete for the ultimate prize at the finals. The show will be serialised into 13 episodes and aired on 6 local TV stations, AIT network and DSTV Africa Magic across the country from August 10, 2019. A record 56,073 students, comprising 29,073 (junior category) and 27,000 (senior category), sat for the qualifying examination in 203 centers across the country. At the end of it all in November 2019, the ultimate winner in each of the junior and senior categories will have as rewardN2 million plus an all-expense paid educational excursion outside the country. Announcing this at the flag-off of the competition earlier in the year, the Managing Director of Promasidor Nigeria Limited, Mr. Anders Einarsson said the first and second runners-up in each category will receive N1.5 million and N1 million respectively. The teachers of the top prize winners will be awarded N500, 000 while those of the first and second runners-up will receive N400,000 and N300,000 respectively. Abiodun Ayodeji, Marketing Manager of Promasidor Nigeria Limited, explained that the objectives of Cowbellpedia Secondary School Mathematics TV Quiz Show, which is in partnership with the NECO, is to awaken the consciousness and interest in Mathematics amongst Junior and Senior secondary school students in Nigeria, improve students’ performance in the subject pan-Nigeria and also create a clear platform for identifying outstanding students, encourage and reward excellence in Mathematics through a creditable platform.