A social enterprise, Flourishing Forties Network, aimed at enhancing productivity, leverage experience and network of people in their 40s for societal good has been launched in Lagos. Its Founder, Mofoluwaso Ilevbare, said at the launch on Saturday that the platform would leverage the experience of entrepreneurs and professionals for national development. “Flourishing Forties Network is committed to enabling African professionals and entrepreneurs in their forties to maintain thriving careers and healthy lives through networking. “This is not the age where people who are 40 starts slowing down, thinking that half of their life is over, talking about retirements and pensions. “This is the period for them to say that we have gathered experience over the years and ready to use it for personal and national growth. “We want to have more mentors in their 40s that will lay the standards for our youths, build the future of the next generation so that they can thrive,” Ilevbare said. According to her, the platform is designed to provide support and inspiration for people in their 40s who want to live their lives to the fullest and make a lasting impact. “When lived purposefully, the 40s can be an enriching and fulfilling time of life- a time to rediscover latent dreams, hopes and potential and be all you want to be,” she said. Ilevbare said that the platform was launched in UK in 2018, and its official inauguration in Lagos was to connect and have more like minded people in the community. The founder, who also held 40th birthday reception at the programme, said that the platform was borne out of her desire to give back to the society, assist members to create lasting partnerships, thriving relationships and healthy joyful lives. Also, an actress, Kate Henshaw, said that age, societal norms and barriers should not hinder people, especially those in their 40s from thriving. Henshaw advised the people to ensure healthy living, be the best they can aspire to be in life and should not look up to anyone for validation. In her remarks, Mrs Funke Amobi, the Country Head, Human Capital, Stanbic IBTC, advised people in their 40s to work toward creating a legacy that would outlive them. Amobi urged them to review their choices, refocus their energy, unpack and unleash their potential to impact their world and network differently. Speaking, Mr Victor Famuyibo, a former Director, Human Resources, Nigerian Breweries Plc, said that integrity was critical to building a life of impact and urged people to set realistic goals.