Aare Onakakanfo of Yorubaland, Iba Gani Abiodun Ige Adams, has charged the Inspector General of Police, Muhammed Adamu, on the need to be proactive in tackling the various security issues in the country.  Speaking during a meeting with the representatives of the Inspector General of Police, Adams restated his beliefs in boosting local security, saying the best measure is to get people at the grassroots involved in local security. He told the top police hierarchy that as the Aare Onakakanfo of Yorubaland, there are pressures on him to act on the issues. Adams, admitted that the Oodua Peoples Congress(OPC) is ready to partner with the police, in solving the security challenges in the country, adding that the group had a history of winning the war against Kidnapping, banditry and other social vices. “I commend the Inspector General of Police on this move. The visit, as far as I am concerned,is a welcome development and it goes a long way in solving the menace” . ”The security situation in the country is becoming too worrisome with cases of Killings, kidnapping,raping and banditry are prevalent across the southwest states, and there is an urgent need to curb the menace” Responding, Chief of Staff to the Inspector General of Police, Mr. Jude Nwankor, who led the team of the police top hierarchy on the visit, said the reason for the visit is to seek Adams’ support in solving the security challenges in the country.  He said the police will be willing to to partner with the Yoruba leader, giving his deep knowledge and experiences in the grassroots. “We are happy to relate with you as a prominent voice in Yorubaland. We know there is no way we can secure the grassroots without local intelligence. The IG has indicated interest in seeking your assistance and support and that is why we are here to tell you that the police as an institution is ready to partner with you”, he said Reflecting on the visit, Osuntokun described the emissary as a  long- awaited realistic disposition towards apprehending and containing the security crisis bedevelling the country. The synergy will go a long in stemming the trend of rural Fulani banditry and associated crimes in the South West. Meanwhile, Mogaji Gboyega Adejumo, charged the police authority to engage indigenous police personnels in information gathering. He said the people that understand the local terrain in information gathering are in the best position to gather information saying the role of OPC in  security intelligence and gathering cannot be over emphasized. Others personalities present at the meeting, include chief Akin Osuntokun, Mogaji, Gboyega Adejumo, Asoju Aareonakakanfo of Yorubaland, Barrister Yinka Oguntimehin,Assistant General Secretary of OPC, Mr. Lasun Ogunfowokan. Others were Chief Superintendent of Police Peter Gana and Mrs Stella Gowon.  At the end of the meeting, Adams later presented a letter to the IG, indicating his support and proffering solutions to the insecurity across the country.