The Director-General of National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), Brig.-Gen. Shuaibu Abubakar, has advised corps members to always maintain high degree of discipline while serving the nation.  Abubakar gave the advice on Thursday in Abuja during the swearing in ceremony of 2,759, Batch B, Stream One corps members at the Kubwa orientation camp. He advised them respect all rules and regulations of the scheme, urging them against unauthorised travels to avoid unnecessary risks to their safety. “I advise you to be disciplined at all time and to obey all camp rules and regulations so that you do not get into trouble. “Do not embark on unauthorised trips that could make you vulnerable to accidents, kidnapping and other such risks,’’ he said. Abubakar also advised the corps members to take advantage of the skill acquisition and entrepreneurship programme of the NYSC as a way of escaping unemployment. He said that the Central Bank of Nigeria and the Bank of Industry have undertaken to support corps members who take advantage of the entrepreneurship programme. The Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Coordinator of the NYSC, Mrs Walida Saddique, also enjoined the corps members to take advantage of all camp activities for their self development. Saddique urged them to be of good behaviour throughout the duration of their service. “My dear corps members, I charge you to be extra focus on every camp activity, particularly the skills acquisition and entrepreneurship development programme.
“Your total understanding and absolute cooperation during the orientation exercise is expected. “Be discipline and be security conscious at all times,’’ she advised. The Chairman of the FCT Governing Board of the NYSC, Mrs Sefia Umar, also urged the corps members to commit themselves fully to all programmes of the scheme throughout their service period. She pledged the continuous support of the governing board to the NYSC. It was reported that the corps members were made up of 1,728 males and 1,031 females. The ceremony took place amidst a colourful parade by the corps members.