A National Youth Service Corp group “Anti-Corruption CDS Group’’ on Friday in Abuja called on government and private institutions to promote establishment of anti-corruption clubs in schools.  The group said the idea of establishing such anti-corruption clubs in secondary schools was to instill the anti-corruption moral in teenagers, to help curb and reduce corruption in the country. The president of the group, Miss Grace Joseph said in her inaugural address that it was easier to tackle corruption at the grassroots by educating children and teenagers over the vice. “Taking the fight against corruption to schools and colleges is another way of inculcating good moral values in young people, since adults cannot change easily. “Corruption has excruciatingly devoured the fabric of Nigerian polity and undermined our credibility and integrity as a people. “If the fight against corruption must succeed, government and private organisations will join hands and establish anti-corruption clubs in schools,’’ she said. The group which held her inaugural anti-corruption ceremony at Government Secondary School in New Karu, saw the induction of seven students as pioneer members of the club. The vision of the club, the president said, was to serve as a driving force in the continuous fight against corruption. Its mission among others, was to raise youths of unquestionable character, strong willed and committed to the fight against corruption. “It is also to orientate and re-orientate students on positive societal values,’’ Joseph said. Mr Sobowale Mathew, member of the project committee, said that the club would be organising seminars and talk-shows in conjunction with Anti-corruption CDS group in Karu Local Government Area. “The aim is to drive home the point that corruption is not good and must be shunned by young people,’’ he said. Mr Ugah Patrick, Social Master of the school, representing the principal, thanked President of the group and the Batch B, 2018/2019 NYSC members present. Patrick said the establishment of the anti-corruption club in the school was a landmark achievement by the Corp members, as its effect would last forever. Mr Ogunleye Oladele, the NYSC Karu Local Government Inspector, admonished students of the school to shun corruption by imbibing the fear of God.