The establishment of Private Universities in Nigeria has been on the rise for over eighteen years and it seems the institutions have come to stay. Currently, there are quite a number of private Universities in Nigeria owned by individuals, organizations, business owners, entrepreneurs, religious bodies across the country. Most parents and Guardians who can afford the payment would prefer the option of a private University because the standard of acceptance is lenient compared to secular or public Universities in terms of admission. Private Universities across the country are gradually taking over from the best public Universities because of the intense work they have put into their developments and one can be rest assured of a very smooth academic calendar. It is a known fact that Private Universities in this part of the world are way more expensive to attend compared to public or secular schools. But the advantage of gaining admission into a private university is that you can actually predict a graduation date right from the beginning because private institutions do not go on strike. To a lot of people, the only disadvantage of gaining admission into a private institution is the exorbitant fees and charges which is not affordable to most parents and guardians but the good news is that most of the private Universities had to come up with a system in which payment of fees and charges will be less of stress to parents and guardians. The fees and charges can be paid in installments (three installments) compared to the past where fees were to be paid in full. The following is the list of some licensed Private Universities in Nigeria . Achievers University The institution is located in Owo, Ondo state. It was established in 2007 and Professor Tunji Samuel Ibiyemi is the current Vice-chancellor of the University. . Babcock University Babcock University is located in Ilisan-remo, Ogun state. The institution is owned and funded by the Seventh Day Adventist church. The Private Christian University was founded in 1999. The current VC is Prof. Kayode Makinde. . Baze University Baze University is located in Abuja and was established in 2011. Professor Michael Hodd is the current VC of the institution. . Bells University of Technology The Bells was founded in 2005 and located in Otta, Ogun state. The Bells current Vice-chancellor is Prof. A.I Adeyemi . Bowen University The Institution was founded in 2001 and located in Iwo, Osun state. The VC of the Institution is Prof. Matthews Akintunde Ojo. . Caleb University The University was founded in 2007 and its located in Imota, Ikorodu, Lagos state. The current VC of the University is Prof. Ayodeji Olukoju. . Christopher University Christopher University is located along Lagos/Ibadan road, Mowe, Ogun state. The Institution was founded in 2015 and the VC is Prof. Friday Ndubuisi. . Covenant University According to reports, Covenant University is arguably the most popular University in the country. The school is located in Otta, Ogun state, it was founded in 2002. The VC is Prof. Charles Koredo Ayo. . Crawford University Crawford University is at Igbesa in Ogun state and was founded in 22005. The Vice-chancellor of the Institution is Prof. Samuel Ayanlaja. . Fountain University The institution was founded in 2007 and is located in Oshogbo, Osun state. The Institution’s VC is Prof. Bashir A. Raji . Hallmark University Hallmark was founded in 2015. The University is located in Ijebu-itele, Ogun state. The current VC of the institution is Prof. Festus Ogunbonna . Igbinidion University The University is owned by Chief Gabriel Igbinidion of Edo state and was established in 1999. The school is located in Okada, Edo state and its current VC is Prof. Eghosa E. Osaghae. . American University Of Nigeria The University is located in Yola state and the most expensive private University in Nigeria. The fees are paid in dollars. The University was founded in 2005.  These above list of Private Universities are just few out of the many private Universities we have in Nigeria.   