Justice P.I. Ajoku of the Federal High Court Ibadan, on Friday order the remand of two alleged serial oil bunkers, Yemi Oluwalogbon and Iskilu Sodipo in Agodi prison on a three-count charge.  The charges bother on conspiracy, unlawful tampering and destruction of Nigeria National Petroleum Corporation’s (NNPC) installations. The prosecution said the two accused destroyed oil pipelines and siphoned 1,800 litres of Premium Motor Spirit (PMS). The Judge gave the order after the accused after they pleaded guilty to the three charges. Following the fresh plea of guilt which the duo entered with the subsequent presentation of facts against them, the judge adjourned the case till July 4 for judgment. Our correspondent reports that Oluwalogbon and Sodipo both relatives had on previous arraignment pleaded not guilty to the charges. The prosecution said the two accused committed the crime on Nov. 27, 2018 at Onigari, on Lagos-Ibadan road, Oyo state. The Investigating Police Officer (IPO), Insp. Matthew Omale, said the police patrol team arrested Oluwalogbon and Sodipo at around 4.30 a.m at Onigari, near Ibadan. Omale told the court that the accused were arrested with a bus with Reg. No. LL486XW conveying 60 kegs each containing 25 litres, filled with alleged stolen PMS from a pipeline site. Omale also said that there were other five kegs which were empty each with 50 litres capacity. “Two members of their gang; Afeez Yamo and Idowu Oparinde, however, escaped during the process “During interrogation, both suspects confessed that it was not the first time they were destroying oil pipelines at the site,“ he said. He said that two weeks before they were caught, Oluwalogbon and Sodipo loaded six buses filled with PMS. “Our investigation also revealed that the gang has for long been siphoning petroleum products from the site and selling them locally and internationally.” He said the offences were contrary to and punishable under Sections 8 (6), 1 (17A), 3 of the Miscellaneous Offences Act M17 Vol. viii Law of the Federation 2007.