There are combinations of different types of Universities in Nigeria. We have the Federal Universities, State-owned Universities and Private-owned Universities across the country. Out of all these Universities, we have some of them that are highly rated because of their outstanding features. Education in Nigeria has seen so many challenges in recent times with maintaining high standard of learning. In this write up, we have compiled a list of the top 10 Universities in Nigeria. The rating is based on international ranking bodies such as World University rankings, U.S. News and World Report Best Global University Ranking and Academic Ranking of World Universities and the Reuters Top 100.  The 10 Top Universities in Nigeria . University of Ibadan – The University of Ibadan was established in 1947. It was initially a college under the University of London in which the college started with programs in Arts, Science and Medicine. UI later became a full time University in 1962 and the University has been developing academically. The institution can boast of academic programs in thirteen different faculties and can also boast of several academic units. The University of Ibadan currently hosts the Pan-African University Life and Earth Sciences institute on behalf of the West African sub-region.  . University of Lagos – UNILAG has it is fondly called was established in 1962. The University over the years has provided quality and objective education to Nigerians. The Institution has been able to lay a good foundation of excellence and has been instrumental in the production of outstanding and unique graduates who have contributed indirectly or directly to the development of the country. The University of Lagos has three campuses: Akoka, Surulere and Yaba. The institution kicked off with 131 students and has grown to more than 40,000 thousand students. The University can boast of 12 faculties. The Institution can boast of many honors and awards and they are proves to the positive impact of the University on education and academic matters in Nigeria.  . University of Nigeria, Nsukka – The University of Nigeria was founded by Dr. Nnamdi Azikiwe in 1955. The Institution is the first full-fledged indigenous and autonomous University in Nigeria that was practicing the American educational system with a vision to place herself at the top of development, innovation and knowledge transfer in the global academic sector. The Institution was formerly opened on the 7th of October 1960. UNN as it is fondly called has four campuses which are: . University of Nigeria, Nsukka (UNN) – Nsukka . University of Nigeria Enugu campus (UNEC) – Enugu . University of Nigeria Teaching Hospital (UNTH) –Ituku-Ozalla . University of Nigeria Aba campus (UNAC) – Aba The University has 15 faculties, 102 academic departments, 82 undergraduate programs and 211 postgraduate programs.  . Obafemi Awolowo University – OAU, as it is fondly called by everyone is a detailed comprehensive public University that was founded in 1962. The Institution is located in Ile-Ife in Osun state. The Institution is one of the largest in the country in area of land mass as it covers a land expanse of 11,862 hectres. The University has attained a top position among Universities in Africa with a sound academic and social atmosphere and also with a high international reputation. OAU boasts of rich tradition of excellence having produced a Nobel Laureate and four National Merit Award winners. The Institution vision is to be one of the top rated Universities in Africa and the technological flagship of the West African sub-region, as evidenced by its application of modern technology to teaching, research, community service and provision of practical solutions to social, cultural and economic problems.  . University of Ilorin – The Institution is a federal government owned University and it is located in Ilorin, Kwara state. The University of Ilorin was one of the seven Institutions created by a decree of the federal military Government in 1975 to implement the educational directives of the country’s third national development plan which was aimed at providing more opportunities for Nigerians aspiring to acquire University education. UNILORIN as it is fondly, enrolled its first set of 200 students on the 23rd of October 1976 and academic work commenced on the 25th of October 1976. The Institution currently has 15 faculties. UNILORIN became the first University in Nigeria to be ranked among the top 20 Universities in Africa in 2014. It was ranked 20th in Africa and 1824th in the world  . Covenant University – The Institution is arguably the best private University in Nigeria. Covenant University was established in 2000 with the vision to become one of the best in the world particularly to become the leading world-class Christian mission University. The Christian private institution kicked off fully by March 2002 when the federal government presented the institution with the licensing certificate to operate. The National Universities Commission’s (NUC) approval was reputed to be the fastest in the history of the establishment of private Universities filed with the NUC. The University was founded by Living Faith church and built on core-values such as: spirituality, possibility mentality, capacity building, integrity, responsibility, diligence and sacrifice. The objective of the Institution is to transform her graduates into fast and expert thinkers, uncommon managers, and hyper-resourceful technocrats in all form of areas.  . Ahmadu Bello University – ABU as popularly called is a federal government research University in Zaria, Kaduna state and was established in 1962. ABU is currently one of the best Universities in the country. The University was established based on recommendation by the Ashby Commission on Post-school certificate and Higher education in Nigeria that a University should be set up in the Northern part of the country. The University began full operation in 1962 and was named after the Sardauna of Sokoto and the Premier of Northern Nigeria, Sir Ahmadu Bello. The University can boast of a very popular and reputable medical program with its own A.B.U Teaching hospital which happens to be the largest teaching hospital in Nigeria and Africa.  . University of Benin – UNIBEN as it is popularly called is one of the best Universities in Nigeria and was established in 1970. UNIBEN was given the status of a full-fledged University by the National Universities Commission (NUC) on the 1st of July 1971. The institution has continued to develop and grow from strength to strength. The University can boast of faculties, departments, institutes and units offering courses at postgraduate, undergraduate, diploma and certificate levels. The University has over 40,000 student enrollment made up of both full-time and part-time students. UNIBEN produced the first female Vice-chancellor, Grace Alele Williams. UNIBEN is known to collaborate with both local and international bodies such as USAID, Ford foundation, United Negro College Fund (UNCF), Raw Materials Research & Development Council of Nigeria (RMRDC) amongst others in the areas of Agriculture, Public health and Engineering.  . University of Port-Harcourt – The University of Port Harcourt was founded in 1975 as the University College, Port-Harcourt and its located in Choba/Aluu town in Rivers state. The institution became a full-fledged University in 1977. The University can boast of one college, twelve faculties and seven schools.  . University of Abuja – The institution is one of the new Universities in Nigeria to make the list of the top Universities. University of Abuja was established in 1988 and it began academic work in 1990. The University runs regular degree, diploma, and postgraduate programs. The institution has two campuses, the mini campus is located in Gwagwalada and the main campus is located along Abuja airport road.          