Prof. Charles Igwe, the new Vice-Chancellor of the University of Nigeria, Nsukka (UNN) was on Friday inaugurated with a pledge to take the university to the next level.  Igwe made the pledge on Friday in Nsukka during his inauguration as the 15th Vice-chancellor of the university. He said he would make welfare of staff and students his top priority by paying salaries, allowances promptly and ensure that those due for promotion were promoted. “I wish to state that the welfare of staff and students will be a priority during my administration. “Staff and students should reciprocate this gesture by being dedicated to their duties and law abiding,” he said. Igwe said his administration would upgrade the University Medical Centre to a modern health facility with cutting-edge diagnostic facilities that would aid quick service delivery. “This will help stem the tide of movements of staff and students to Enugu to seek medical attention,” he said. The new VC said that his administration would take the university to the next level by ensuring academic excellence, quality research and innovations. “I will expand the broadband within the university to make internet access more seamless in the university. “I will ensure sustained infrastructural development through public partnership to move the university to the next level,” he said. Igwe extended a hand of fellowship to all those who contested with him for the office of UNN-VC and urged them to join him to take the university to the promise land. “I urge you all who contested with me to bring their good idea to table, so that we shall move this great institution to promise land,” he said. In a remark, Prof. Edith Nwosu, the Deputy Vice Chancellor of UNN, Enugu Campus, who was the Chairman, Local Organizing Committee, described the event as a `milestone’ in the history of the university. “This is the first time an alumnus of UNN is appointed as the VC since the university was established in 1960,” she said. Also speaking, the Chairman of UNN Alumni Association, Prof Chukwma Ijomah thanked the Federal Government under President Muhammadu Buhari for the appointment of an alumnus of the university as the vice chancellor for the first time. Ijomah solicited the support of all alumni to make his administration memorable and the best in history. “Today is a historic day for all alumni of UNN, because it is the first time a graduate of UNN rise to the position of vice-chancellor of the university,” he said. Highlight of the occasion was handing over of UNN mace to the new VC. Prof Charles Igwe took over from Prof Benjamin Ozumba whose tenure expired June 14 as the UNN Vice-Chancellor.