Leading Perception Management firm CMC Connect has announced the transition of its flagship affiliation from Burson-Marsteller to CMC Connect Burson, Cohn & Wolfe (CMC BCW), following a merger between Burson Marsteller and Cohn & Wolfe, both of which were previously ranked number 5 and 12 respectively, on the estimable list of the World’s largest global communication agencies. The merger between both globally venerated agencies has since led to the business entity Burson, Cohn & Wolfe (BCW) skyrocketing and becoming ranked number three on the list. BCW combines Cohn & Wolfe’s expertise in contriving digitally-driven creative contents and integrated communications across the consumer, healthcare and technology sectors with Burson-Marsteller’s strength in public affairs, corporate and crisis management, technology and research.As a result of the merger, BCW currently has a network of more than 4,000 employees, in 42 countries across 6 continents; which CMC Connect BCW is proud to be a part of. The merger will also burgeon CMC BCW’s business, doubling its efficacy in delivering outstanding business solutions as it now has unfettered access to Burson Cohn & Wolfe’s copious resources, including global practices, trends, research data, technology and a host of others.  Speaking on the transition and the myriad of opportunities the merger presents for CMC Connect BCW’s business and services, the company’s Managing Director Yomi Badejo-Okusanya; who is also the President of African Public Relations Association (APRA) said that “We welcome the affiliation with all the benefits it offers in capacity building and business referrals.” He further stated that the affiliation pushes Nigeria pushes Nigeria deeper into the sphere of global public relations practice, especially with the introduction of the BCW VICTOR OS which is a cutting edge proprietary tool for dealing with clients’ reputation challenges. The company has also unveiled its new website (www.cmcconnectbcw.com), with a more visually appealing appearance and easy navigation. Among the many contemporary features on the new website are the company’s success story and case studies, which encompass the laudable services carried out for its diverse clientele, some of which include Verraki Partners, Airtel Nigeria, SONA Group of Industries, Beer Sectoral Group, among others. About CMC Connect BCW
CMC Connect is Nigeria’s premier perception management consulting firm delivering cutting-edge, strategy-driven perception and marketing communications solutions in the best traditions of work excellence and creativity.
CMC has been a leading voice in the Nigerian public relations and communications space for over two decades with a clientele base spanning across all sectors of the Nigerian economy. BCW is a new kind of communications agency focused on helping our clients move, inspire, engage and lead people in a favorable direction, across all sectors on a global scale. We take a channel-agnostic approach, with valuable earned media at the core, to help clients solve tough business challenges through creative ideas, informed by data and powered by technology.  This bilateral partnership is positioned to extend the frontiers of opportunities inherent in the Nigerian Communications and Public Relations marketspace.