Nigeria is a country that is divided into 36 states and a Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Abuja. During the oil boom years in the 1970s, tertiary Education expanded and spread to reach every sub-region of the country. Initially, the Federal Government and the States Government were the only bodies licensed to operate University Education in the country but recently, licenses have been granted to individuals, corporate bodies and even religious organizations to establish private Universities in the country. The National Universities Commission (NUC) is the major accreditation and regulatory body that enforces the same and regular standard for admission processes in Nigeria. NUC also sets the admissions capacity of every Federal University in Nigeria (state and private Universities included). Nigeria is a country that has been making tremendous efforts in terms of Education in the country cause of its importance. We all know that Education is a very important sector especially in the area of optimal development even though mush as been achieved, Nigeria still has a lot to do in terms of Education in order to maintain effectively the increasing challenges. University Education is a very important form of investment in human capital which can be viewed as an important form of human capital which will contribute high significance to the Economic Growth of any society and to the well-being of an individual. University Education in Nigeria can be traced to the days of the Elliot Commission in the 1940s which brought about the founding of the University College Ibadan (UI) IN 1948. The school was an affiliate of the University of London as at then. That was how University Education started growing and still growing in Nigeria. The first set of Universities in Nigeria is referred to as the First Generation Universities. University of Ibadan (UI) and the University of Lagos (UNILAG) became the first two Federal Universities in the country while the other three Universities are regional Universities. There are also the Second Generation Universities, the Third Generation Universities, the Fourth Generation Universities and the Fifth Generation Universities. Between 1975 and 1980 the Nigerian Government established seven Universities (Second Generation Universities) in the Third National Development plan and the Universities are; University of calabr, University of Jos, University of Sokoto, University of Ilorin, University of Maiduguri, University of Port-Harcourt and Ado Bayero University which are all Federal Universities. More Universities came into existence and which can be referred to as the Third Generation Universities. The Universities were established between the year 1980 and the year 1990. The Universities include; Federal University of Technology Owerri, Federal University of Technology Markurdi, Federal University of Technology Yola, Federal University of Technology Akure, and Federal University of Technology Bauchi. Note: There are about thirty six (36) accredited Federal Universities in Nigeria.  The following are some of the names of Federal Universities in Nigeria . University of Ibadan (UI) . University of Benin (UNIBEN) . Bayero University Kano (BUK) . Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU) . University of Lagos (UNILAG) . Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria . Federal University of Petroleum Resources, Delta . University of Calabar (UNICAL) . Federal University of Technology Akure (FUTA) . Abubakar Tafawa Balewa University . University of Jos (UNIJOS) . Federal University of Technology, Yola . Federal University of Technology, Minna . Federal University of Technology, Owerri . Federal University Dutsin-Ma, Kastina . Federal University, Lokoja, Kogi state . Federal University, Dutse, Jigawa state . Federal University, Lafia, Nasarawa state . National Open University of Nigeria (NOUN) . Nigerian Defense Academy, Kaduna (NDA) . University of Abuja . University of Agriculture, Abeokuta . University of Ilorin (UNILORIN) . Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Awka . University of Agriculture, Markurdi . University of Jos (UNIJOS) . University of Maiduguri (UNIMAID) . University of Nigeria, Nsukka (UNN) . University of Port-Harcourt (UNIPORT) . University of Uyo . Usman Danfodiyo University    