Gov. AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq of Kwara has expressed his displeasure at the deplorable condition of facilities at the NYSC Permanent Orientation Camp, in Yikpata, Edu Local Government Area of the state.  The governor, who made unscheduled visit to the camp on Wednesday, described the orientation camp as a “penitentiary that is not fit for human living.” He said that the administration would do something quickly to renovate the camp, beginning with fixing the water and health facilities. “I apologise for the state of your accommodation. After seeing them, it is like a penitentiary. It is not fit for human living. “The people in charge before should have done better. By saying that, I have thrown a challenge to myself and my administration to make things better,” AbdulRazaq said. The governor said that he would look for a quick way to make things easier for the corps members such as water and health facilities while others would be considered in the next fiscal years. AbdulRazaq challenged the varsity graduates to come up with brilliant ideas that can transform the state, saying he would accommodate anyone with better ideas on how to create wealth irrespective of their backgrounds. “I hope some of you will remain in Kwara to create jobs and take employment. “Our philosophy is to create employment and to create services through entrepreneurship. “And those of you that have ideas in businesses and wealth creation, our doors are always open to you. “We don’t care which state you come from; all we care about is what you can contribute to our society. “So, whatever idea you have to improve these facilities, pass it to the top; it will get to me and we will listen. “We will make things happen here. Definitely, there will be changes from now on. Your group may not see the full effect of the changes but the subsequent groups will see. “In civilian government, as you are aware, we have to appropriate in the State Assembly to get funds to do things. What we can do for you immediately we will do it.’’ The governor was received by NYSC State Coordinator, Mrs Esther Ikupolati and was taken round the facilities at the camp. He visited the Male Hostel, Camp kitchen, moribund boreholes, camp clinic and other facilities. The state coordinator, Ikupolati commended the governor for the visit and his promise to help give the facilities a facelift. “This governor is serious-minded. They have said it and I have seen it. “They say that seeing is believing,” she said, urging the corps members to do their best to serve the country in Kwara.