The annual global conference of Full Life Christian Centre, also tagged Gathering of Warriors Convention will begin this month in Uyo, The Akwa Ibom State capital from Sunday, 30th June, 2019. It will end on Sunday, 7th July, 2019. The convention which is in its 16th edition is expected to attract a record attendance of members and supporters of the Church in Nigeria, Europe, The US and other parts of the world.  Key Sessions of the eight day programme will hold at Noah’s Ark Auditorium, Full-life Avenue, By Nsikak Eduok Avenue, Uyo.  The 2019 Conference has “The Power of God” as its theme. Highlighting details of the week-long programme, Senior Pastor of the church, Pastor Ntia I. Ntia,  revealed that it will have both morning and evening sessions that will include quality time of impartation from God’s Word, intensive prayer time, business breakthrough sessions, special training sessions for church workers and ministers, Winning women and Mighty men special, Worship training sessions for worship leaders and ministers, Ministry Breakthrough Summit for Pastors, ministers and their spouses and so much more. The Senior Pastor of Full Life Church explained that the magnitude of this convention is evidenced by the fact that it will have in attendance great men of God like Rev Dr Uma Ukpai, Rev Dr Paul Enenche, Bishop Ema Isong, Pastor Olumide Emmanuel among others”.  Rev. Ntia equally stated that various sessions of this year’s convention were designed to equip and empower all conference participants to take full delivery of their blessings in the power of God. He explains further: “There will life changing and destiny transforming encounter as great ministers will lead radical praise and worship sessions. We will also experienced mind-blowing testimonies showcasing the power of our almighty God. We will also have sessions for fruitfulness, healing and deliverance, impartation on families, ministries, businesses and career specially to jump start the second quarter of 2019 with some unique anointing.  The highly anticipated annual international conference of Full Life Christian Centre which started in 2003 has always been a season for the abundant outpouring of the grace of God, and a time for new level impartation for destiny shift in Life. Already, prospective attendees who have registered in their thousands are eagerly awaiting the commencement of this special conference. Paul Enenche, renowned apostle on assignment to help people discover and recover their destinies will be coming to Uyo with tremendous anointing to inculcate the spirit of responsibility and integrity that will help all his hearers identify clearly what God has called them to do for ultimate fulfillment. Obviously, the destiny discovery and recovery calling of Pastor Paul Enenche is one of the special areas that God would use this spiritual warrior to elevate participants at this conference. Another anointed and outstanding minister of our generation that would create sparks at Uyo in July is Rev. Dr. Uma Ukpai. His over 50 years of extensive ministrations on issues of salvation, faith, healing, breaking of curses and covenants, and spiritual leadership have witnessed spectacular moves of the Holy Spirit that have resulted in amazing miracles of healing and other manifestations. Dr. Emmah Gospel Isong, an Apostle, Prophet, Evangelist well-known in conferences, crusades and revival meetings because of his sensational healing and deliverance anointing will be re-emerging at the couference to minister at the 2019 Gathering of Warriors.. He has traveled extensively to preach the Gospel in more than 27 countries within 5 continents in the past 2 decades. Emmah Isong is the Presiding Bishop/General Overseer of Christian Central Chapel International based in the City of Testimonies, 8-miles, Calabar, Nigeria where thousands people gather to worship the Lord in Holiness, Power and Prosperity every Sunday. A relatively new face at this year’s conference is the General Overseer of  Calvary Bible Church, Pastor Olumide Emmanuel,  A charismatic preacher and motivational speaker, Emmanuel is a man of multiple grace. He is a Bible scholar, a role model, a creative thinker. a leadership developer and gifted counselor that will teach all attendees how to utilize God’s power for all round success. Already, various businesses like Eateries, traders, cab operators, hotels as well as other tourism and hospitality practitioners in Uyo and neighbouring towns are gearing up for a boom as Uyo is poised to witness huge influx of visitors coming in for The 2019 Gathering of Warriors Convention.