The Oyo State Governor, Mr Seyi Makinde, says his administration will make the fight against drug abuse and trafficking a priority. Makinde, represented by his deputy, Mr Rauf Olaniyan, disclosed this during the commemorative ceremony of the 2019 International Day Against Drug Abuse and Illicit Drug Trafficking. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the 2019 theme, “Health for Justice. Justice for Health” highlights that justice and health are two sides of the same coin when it comes to addressing drug problems. The commemoration of the day in Oyo State was organised by State Drug Abuse Control Committee in collaboration with the state  Command of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA). Makinde, who called for converted effort against drug abuse, said that the fight against the scourge should involve everyone, in order to see a drug-free world and reduce crime rate. According to him, drug trafficking and abuse is a major contributor to other crimes. “This administration is fully committed to ensuring a drug-free state, through partnership with various agencies and stakeholders. “It is no gain saying that abuse of Cannabis Sativa is very high in the state, but the partnership with NDLEA state command is already yielding positive results. “To the end, the state government will continue to partner with public enlightenment and awareness campaigns for various targeted groups to ensure a better Oyo state. “Let me correct the impression that Oyo state comes second in drug abuse. “We are only second after Lagos State in prevalence rate, based on our population size, in actual percentage; druse abuse in the state is low. “We, however, have a plan to reduce drugs use and abuse among the youth but you cannot see the effects within two to three weeks of our government. “By next year, you will start seeing the results,” he said. The State Commander of the NDLEA, Mr Raph Igwenagu, said that the command arrested over 156 persons for drug related offences in the first half of the year. “Our efforts are yielding commendable results in all fronts. Out of those arrested for drug-related offences, 139 were males while 17 were female. “The drug trafficking and abuse has reached an epidemic level all over the world. “It has destabilised families, truncated the promising future of the youth and has remained a negative force driving anti-social behaviour and the increasing deterioration of societal values and norms. “The command has also, within the period under review, confiscated 800 kilogrammes of hard drugs consisting of cannabis sativa, tramadol, rohynol, cough syrup with codeine and skushi,” he said. Igwenagu further disclosed that the command secured the conviction of 44 drug offenders who were sentenced to various terms of imprisonment; ranging from 6 months to 15 years. He reiterated the resolution of the anti-drug agency to reduce the menace of drug abuse and illicit trafficking in the state to the barest minimum. Igwenagu, while noting that all hope was not lost for victims of drug abuse, said that they could still be rehabilitated to become useful members of the society. The NDLEA boss revealed that 85 drug users were successfully counseled, rehabilitated and integrated back into the society within the first half of the year by the agency. The State Coordinator for National Human Rights Commission, Mrs Oyindamola Bamgbose, said that victims of drug abuse also had human rights and rights to be protected from victimisation, torture and negligence. “We have been getting complaints relating to violation of rights of drug abuse victims. “Awareness level concerning the rights of victims is still low and we have sought to be included in the state drug abuse control committee. “When we are in the committee, we will be able to see things better and give appropriate recommendations,” she said. She called for increased awareness and public sensitisation to the guaranteed rights of drug abuse victims, saying that human rights were the foundation of peaceful societies and sustainable development. “Even though we know that there is a drug problem, drug addicts have human rights which must be protected in compliance with international standards stated by the United Nations,” she said. A recent report on the first-ever National Survey on Drug Use in Nigeria revealed that Lagos and Oyo States had the highest drug prevalence rate of drug abuse in the South-West geo-political Zone at 33 per cent and 23 per cent respectively. The United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) report also revealed that drug use epidemic is mostly prevalent in youths between ages 15 and 35, while 10.6 million Nigerians abused cannabis in 2018.