Prof. Thomas Okonkwo, Chairman, Entrance Board, University of Nigeria Nsukka 2019 post- Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (post -UTME), has said that the screening  started on a good note.  Okonkwo told our reporter in Nsukka on Monday in an interview that the first day of the screening was hitch-free as there was no bad report of any kind. “We started with law candidates according to the time-table, the first and second batches have written and third batch that will be the last for today is in progress. “None of the invigilators or supervisors have reported any problem to me. ”I have been going round to see things for myself but what I discovered is that candidates are orderly and the exam is moving fine,” he said. He said that adequate security measure had been put in place to ensure that any candidate that committed any crime was handed over to the police. “The university made provision for any health challenge from any candidate, that is why we stationed team of nurses from the University Medical Centre in all venues for the examination to take care of any emergency,” he said. The chairman said that accommodation arrangement had been made for candidates who have no place to stay in Nsukka. “Hostel accommodation have been made for any candidate who is stranded at N100 per night. “There is also accommodation arrangement on request for parent or guardian that are stranded who brought their children or wards for the examination he said. Okonkwo also disclosed that a day would be fixed for mop-up examinatuon for candidates with genuine reasons who missed their examinations. “At the end of this post-UTME that will last one week, the university will fix a day for mop-up examination for all candidates with genuine reasons who missed the exam,”he said. Some of the candidates who wrote the examination told NAN that one hour given to them was enough to answer all the questions asked. They also commended the good conduct of invigilators and supervisors. It was reported that as a result of UNN 2019 screening examination that stated on Monday, there had been increase in human and vehicular traffic in UNN as well as in Nsukka town.