Respite has come to residents of Bonny Kingdom in Rivers as the Nigerian Liquefied Natural Gas (NLNG) on Friday rolled out health insurance scheme for residents in the area.  Mrs Eyono Fatayi-Williams, NLNG’s General Manager, External Relations and Sustainable Development, disclosed this in a statement by the company’s Manager of Corporate Communications and Public Affairs, Sophia Horsfall, in Port Harcourt. Fatayi-Williams spoke at the unveiling of the Governing Board of Bonny Community Health Insurance Programme at Rivers Government House, signaling commencement of the scheme. According to her, the NLNG, Rivers government and Bonny representatives had in February signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for the programme. “So, the scheme is part of the NLNG’s efforts to promote good health among the people having been good host to NLNG since we commenced operation in the area in 1999. “The tripartite MoU signed in February defined the components of the scheme as well as secured government’s endorsement and support for the programme. “The health insurance will ease financing and access to quality healthcare for people in Bonny kingdom,” she said. Fatayi-Williams said the scheme was modeled after the Bonny-Dubai vision as well as the United Nation’s vision of Universal Health Coverage by the year 2030. She said the company’s interventions on scholarships, youth empowerment programmes, local capacity development initiatives and provision of basic infrastructure and amenities had improved lives. “So, we thank the Rivers state government for approving the use of government-owned Bonny Zonal Hospital, Bonny Comprehensive Health Centre and the Finima Health Centre for the scheme,” she said. Mrs Caroline Wali, the Permanent Secretary of Rivers Ministry of Health, sued for teamwork between the community and other stakeholders to ensure success of the scheme. She said that success of the scheme in Bonny could encourage other corporate organisations and well-meaning individuals to replicate same in other localities in the state. “To this end, we announce Chief John Jumbo as the Chairman of the Governing Board of the scheme,” Wali said.