The Fidelity Bank Plc is encouraging customers to save more in order create wealth for themselves and the society.  The bank on Thursday gave cash reward to some loyal savings account customers in Jos under its savings loyalty scheme. Mr Steven Uchendu, Jos Branch Leader of the bank, said that the initiative was in line with Federal Government’s financial inclusion efforts. “This is in line with the Federal Government financial inclusion drive and a way to say thank you to our esteemed customers who chose Fidelity Bank out of the 23 banks in the country. “We encourage market women, school children, boys and girls to save because by saving you create wealth,” he stated. The branch leader said that in order to encourage customers the save, the savings loyal scheme was developed. According to him, customers were in every quarter of the year given rewards ranging from N150, 000 for children and students accounts to N500,000 for other accounts. He revealed that the bank had in the last two years dolled out N10 million to its loyal customers in Jos. Uchendu advised those who wanted to benefit from the gesture to open an account with  at least N2000, top it monthly with N2000 or more to automatically qualify for the draw. The branch leader explained that the draws were usually done in a transparent manner in Lagos in the presence of all the regulatory agencies. “We have different products; there is one we call helping hand project and through it we have executed more than 10 projects on the Plateau including a motorized borehole a Plateau State Polytechnic. “We have remodeled and renovated a whole block at Naraguta Hostel in the University of Jos. “And today we are rewarding customers under our programme called customer loyalty scheme,” he added. Miss Ogodo Okwori, a beneficiary of N500, 000 thanked Fidelity Bank for the gesture. Okwori said that the gesture has encouraged her to continue save. “I usually save whatever I have, little did I know that I will be rewarded like this,” she said. Miss Valerie Uchendu, a student and a beneficiary of N150, 000 promised to help spread the good news to her friends. It was reported before the presentation of checks to beneficiaries, there was a road show in the major streets of Jos to encourage people to save.