Prof. Ishaq Akintola, Director, Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC) has urged Nigerians to change their mindset from negativity to positivity and adopt the principle of work and pray to overcome the challenges facing the country.  Akintola in his Salah message on Saturday urged Nigerians to work and pray for peace and stability in the country. “First, we must change our mindset from negativity to positivity. We must stop seeing Nigeria as a failed state. “If a Muhammadu Buhari can be governor of the whole North East region, military head of state, chairman Petroleum Trust Fund and now president of Nigeria without a single trace of corrupt enrichment. “Professor Ishaq Oloyede can remit N7.5 billion to JAMB’s coffers within one year alone whereas only N50 million was remitted by his predecessor in seven years. “Then there is indubitable evidence that not all Nigerians are corrupt. “There is hope in the horizon. Nigeria is on the path of greatness. The panacea to our challenges is not far-fetched,’’ he said. Akintola however said: “First, we must change our mindset and believe that we can be great again. We must determine to rebuild our country, to love our neighbours and to shelve corruption. “This is part of the re-engineering of the Nigerian mindset. Initiate an intention to start the new Nigeria. Let change begin with you. Eliminate that negative belief that everyone is corrupt and nothing can work in your country. “Drop that negative idea that it is impossible for us to live together, Prayer is the sword of those who have faith in God. “We must follow our intention to change Nigeria with prayer and start working towards it. Prayer is good but we must work to follow it up.’’ The MURIC director urged Nigerians to pray for the security agencies who are toiling day and night to bring the security challenge under control. “They are fighting for us and dying for us. They spend sleepless nights so that we can sleep with both eyes closed. They are in the trenches come rain or shine so that we can enjoy peace in our homes. “Let us reward them with prayers and active support. Let us pray for the families they leave at home. We must support them actively because security is a collective responsibility. “Active support to the police can be in form of material support and giving reliable information. Companies, wealthy individuals and communities should donate vehicles and walki-talkies, among others to the police. “It will make them more effective. We must not forget other arms of the security agencies like the civil defence and the secret service men. “They work behind the scene and make huge sacrifices for our safety. They all deserve our prayers and support,” he said. He urged President Muhammadu Buhari not to forget the plight of the 54 soldiers who have been in jail since 2014. “If we are talking about rewarding those who risk their lives so that we can enjoy peace, we must not abandon those who fought against Boko Haram but are rotting in jail today. “Once again we appeal to Mr President to grant them presidential pardon. “The 54 soldiers were those who asked their commander to provide them with better weapons before sending them back to the battle field. “It was their request which exposed the 2.1 billion dollar arms fraud. “They should be treated as heroes for exposing a scandal, not as criminals rotting in jail,” he said.