Verraki Partners, a business solutions company focused on accelerating the development and transformation of Africa has outlined solutions that can bridge the knowledge gap and expedite mass affordable, accessible and quality education for most Nigerians. Speaking during the sidelines at the grand finale of the national design competition, Professor Ayodele Awojobi Design Competition (PAADC) held at the University of Lagos recently, Kelvin Balogun, Senior Partner and Head of the Ventures Unit of Verraki, asserted that the reason why Nigeria has seemingly intractable challenges is because the country has not sufficiently applied new technology thinking to them. Spotlighting Nigerian education, Balogun opined that the frayed education system in Nigeria can
prove to spur innovation in how to deliver ad-hoc education, especially to the country’s lost
generation. He noted that building brick and mortar schools may never catch up to Nigeria’s rapidly
expanding student population and proposed a new way to tackle this aged problem. “We can tackle our education problem by applying new thinking, leveraging technology such as the
mobile phone and broadband internet. According to the Nigerian Communications Commission,
internet subscribers in Nigeria are about 114 million as at February 2019, largely via mobile phones.
The mobile phone has become the preferred device of choice for payments, ride-hailing and
healthcare in Nigeria; it can be used for education and learning too. Education via mobile phones is a
leveler and will guarantee access to quality education for everyone, irrespective of financial status or
social class, language or tribe. It also ensures access to low-cost teaching resources, added value
compared to traditional teaching and a complementary solution for teacher training”. Continuing, Balogun said “Across levels, we can develop applications that give certificated education,
fit-for-purpose and pragmatic, while complementing current education realities. Students can access
online lectures, compressed for mobile phones with exercises, theory, games, peer-to-peer support,
ranking competitions, tests, self-assessment, online resources and incentives for those that complete
their classes. Asides the 10.5million primary school age children currently out of school in Nigeria,
mobile learning brings education to our underserved people and communities; people who would
otherwise not have had access. It is highly scalable, low-touch and addresses the bottom of pyramid with the basic core – English, Mathematics and Social Studies/African History. An example is Nokia’s MoMaths (Mobile Mathematics) programme, which gives South Africa children from low-income families access to high-quality education. MoMaths was launched by Nokia and the country’s Department of Science and Technology, aligned to its CAPS curriculum and provided a
complimentary mobile learning platform to all South African high school Maths learners in Grade 10 –
12. To leapfrog connectivity challenges, we can explore a similar model to Rwanda, which partnered
with OneWeb to launch a satellite (named Icyerekezo) which will bring internet connectivity to
students in rural Nkombo Island.” Balogun expressed confidence in Nigeria’s ability to apply new thinking to solve perennial problems
efficiently, in the absence of legacy systems and infrastructure, and empower its teeming population
and opined that, just like Africa has done with mobile payments, the next solutions and breakthroughs
will come from Africa, where the multiple challenges will foster newer, more nimble innovative
solutions. Verraki is focused on implementing technology and business solutions designed inherently for Africa
and specifically fit for purpose, while also curating business ventures to unlock new sources of growth
across the continent. Led by foremost corporate professionals as well as former Accenture leadership
in Nigeria, Verraki will apply its global expertise and local insights to partner with enterprises and
governments to accelerate the development and transformation of Africa by providing business
solutions uniquely tailored for Africa.