  Verve, a leading payments technology and card business in Africa, and Discover Global Network, the payments brand of Discover on Monday unveiled its new Verve Global Card. Cardholders will now have the ability to use their Verve Global Cards on the Discover Global Network which provides acceptance in more than 190 countries and territories. This will expand Verve’s existing suite of tailored payment products and solutions for its customers. Speaking at the launching, Mitchell Elegbe, Interswitch Group Managing Director, commended on the new innovation, saying it is an important solution to facilitate international payments for the consumers and help eliminate existing barriers and simplify the process when transacting abroad. Although, Elegbe, could not confirm whether the cardholders will have to pay more at every transaction but maintained that the fee is still the same. “The agreement with Discover Global Network will enable Verve to compete with other global card offerings, providing cardholders with an enhanced customer experience when transacting globally outside Nigeria. Creating a solution which facilitates international payments for our consumers will help to eliminate existing barriers and simplify the process when transacting abroad.” “It is important to us that we are working with groups around the world to extend acceptance for their cardholders,” said Ricardo Leite, senior vice president of international markets at Discover. “At Discover, we recognize the importance of being able to use your card of choice no matter where you are traveling.” In the same vein, Mike Ogbalu III, Verve International Divisional Chief Executive Officer, described the announcement as a means to provide consumers with the ability to transact globally across the US and other countries, addressing challenges that many Nigerians have experienced while travelling abroad. “Our partnership with Discover Global Network will help us to optimize the overall experience of every Verve Global cardholder by guaranteeing consistent and efficient payment solutions regardless of where they are in the world.” He added. Meanwhile, Senior executive officers from First Bank, Access Bank and Fidelity Bank performed the first transaction at Swarovski in Times Square, New York City using their Verve Global Card on the Discover Global Network.