The Minister of Works and Housing, Mr Babatunde Fashola has admonished the Federal Mortgage Bank of Nigeria (FMBN) to create more awareness on its several products aimed at ensuring affordable houses for Nigerians.  Fashola gave the admonition in Abuja on Thursday when Mr Adewale Adeeyo, Chairman Board of Directors of the bank, led a delegation on courtesy visit to the minister. He said that the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari would focus on housing and consumer credit as a way of ensuring that Nigerians have affordable houses. “The bank needs to reach out to Nigerians because I always explain to people that the bank grant construction loan and that the interest is low. “However, the people are always surprise to hear about some of your products from me. “This shows that many Nigerians are not aware of your different products meant to address housing deficit,’’ Fashola said. He advised that the bank should design proper strategy for people to get information about the bank’s products such as reaching out to market places, social clubs and many other places where people gather. Fashola said that he would see to how the issue of recapitalisation of the bank could be solved. The minister disclosed that the Federal Executive Council had agreed that the administration would focus on completion of projects. “We, the ministers have set agenda for ourselves to ensure that we complete all projects; we are going to focus on completion of projects,’’ he said. Adeeyo urged the minster to ensure that the bank is recapitalised to the tune of N500 billion as recommended by the National Council on Housing and Urban Development in 2017 and 2018. He said that the recapitalisation of the bank would enable it achieve its vision of affordable houses for Nigerians. The board chairman promised to present, as soon as possible, the bank audit reports yet to be presented in the past five years. It was reported that the Managing-Director of the Bank, Ahmed Dangiwa was among the delegation.