Gov. Emeka Ihedioha of Imo has called on corps members deployed to the state to key into the “Rebuild Imo Policy” of the state introduced to promote quality education and environmental sustainability.  Ihedioha made the call at the official opening of 2019 Batch ‘B’ Stream 11 Orientation Course for Corps Members deployed to Imo held on Thursday at the NYSC Permanent Orientation Camp, Eziama Obaire in Nkwerre Local Government of Imo. The governor was represented by Mr Okechukwu Umezeronini, the state Commissioner for Youths and Social Development who is also the Chairman, NYSC Governing Board in the state. According to the governor, there is the need for the corps members to re-strategise and key into the policy which encompasses and promotes due process, collectivism, acountability, environmental sustainabilty and quality education. He said the policy also entailed affordable health care delivery and good governance. Ihedioha said that to achieve this, corps members must think of new and smart ways to enable them contribute their own quota to the development of the host communities, their place of primary assignment, host state and the nation. He said it was also expected that they lived up to the expectation by remaining dutiful, loyal, disciplined and law abiding at all times. He said that those who distinguished themselves creditably during their service year would receive befitting rewards from the state government. The State Chairman of NYSC, Mr John Eloeboh, said  that the orientation course was designed to train and induct the new corps members into the scheme to prepare them adequately for the service and post service life. He said the course also served as a prelude to other major programmes of the scheme within the service year and provided  corps members the opportunity to appreciate and understand the ideals of the scheme. He said that already, over 1000 corps members had adjusted to the new environment and were eager and ready to play their roles as change agents in their places of primary assignment. Eloeboh pledged the readiness of the NYSC in the state to play pivotal role in the Rebuild Imo Policy initiative in key areas of poverty eradication, accountability, due process, job creation and inclusiveness. He urged corps members to be committed, disciplined, dutiful, patient and tolerant to enable them internalise instructions and training that would be passed on to them. It was reported that the highpoint of the programme was the administration of oath of allegiance to the corps members by Justice Theresa Chikeka, who represented the Chief Judge of Imo, Hon. Justice Pascal Nnadi.