MTN mPulse Planet, a fun exploratory world, on Friday delighted 5,000 children mostly teens on ways to learn, play and shine.  The Chief Operating Officer, Mazen Mroue made the  statement during the opening of the event held in Lagos. According to him, the highlights of the event this year is centred on Arguments Reality/Virtual Reality, Robotics, 360 camera, driverless cars, snake and ladder, dance machine and others. He said that the event was themed, “How the Future Will Look like in 2044’’. “MTN mPulse is designed for Nigerian children, teenagers and secondary school students to learn and excel in their academics, development skills for now and the future, play brain-stimulating games and others. “We segmented our customers and find out that teens between nine and 14 should be given extra attention by us, as looking at their hobbies and interest, it has to do with technology, online gaming, online education. “We packaged all these together through mPulse platform to get them exposed to the latest technologies and educational materials available as at this age, they can have a final decision regarding their own future carrier. “So exposing them to the maximum number of technologies that will aid them in future is the essence of our celebration today,” he said. Mroue noted that connectivity was a must for every Nigerian and it was their role to really make sure that every Nigerian had access to technology and access to the connectivity that would push the technology. He, however, added that the mPulse platform was available online to all Nigerians, between the ages of 9 and 14 irrespective of where they are. Mroue pointed that while accessing the platform online, they could leverage all the freebies and all the offers available for  physical interaction. “These children are already exposed to technology, they are already using our services and are already connected. “So definitely, we need to give them attention to make life easier and enable them to make the right choice when they grow up. “It is an opportunity for us, as well as for the country to really train our people in the early stage to take the right decision and we will ensure that all children present here gets the right attention,’’ he said. Mroue said that the key success factor for this story was the company’s partnership with their strategic partners and all government support; and also thanking the regulator for their constant encouragement. Also, the General Manager, Consumer Marketing MTN, Mr Olawale Rawa, said that mPulse was a proposition launched last year to help ‘Catch Them Young’ from the secondary school level. “On the website you can see a lot of contents around games, education and others that will get your children interested in entrepreneurship. “The physical event that we are witnessing here today is to enable the children see those things they have seen online and have a feel of them,’’ he said. Rawa said that the event was free and one does not have to be rich to partake but an avenue for everyone to experience what the future would look like and understand it. As regards pushing it out of Lagos, he said that it was also in their mind but they needed to understand what they were  doing very well as it had to do with children who were very delicate.