The Oyo State House of Assembly on Thursday screened and confirmed fourteen (14) commissioner nominees sent by Gov. Seyi Makinde.  Their names were contained in a message earlier sent to the House by the governor and read at plenary by the Speaker, Mr Adebo Ogundoyin (PDP/Ibarapa East) on July 25. The Commissioner nominees are four former lawmakers in the Oyo State House of Assembly , Mr Kehinde Ayoola, former Oyo House Speaker, Mr Adeniyi Farinto, Mrs Funmilayo Orisadeyi (the only female nominee) and Mr Muyiwa Ojekunle. Others are Chief Bayo Ojo, Dr Bashir Bello, Prof. Oyelowo Oyewo, Prof. Dawud Sangodoyin, Mr Olasunkanmi Olaleye and Mr Adeniyi Adebisi. The remaining commissioner nominees whose appointment were confirmed are Mr Raheem Abiodun Abdulraheem, Mr Seun Asamu, Dr Wasiu Olatunbosun and Mr Akinola Ojo. The nominees were differently grilled by members of the Oyo state Assembly who asked them probing questions bothering on their professional and educational experiences. They were also asked how they intend to bring their wealth of knowledge and training to bear in the various positions they are being considered for. Most of the Commissioner designates expressed happiness at their nomination by Gov. Makinde and described the opportunity as a call to serve the people of Oyo state. They promised to contribute their quota and ensure good governance as promised by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP)-led administration in Oyo state. The plenary presided over by Hon. Adebo Ogundoyin also screened and confirmed the appointment of Dr Nureni Adeniran as Chairman of State Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB) in Oyo State, while Mr Akeem Oladeji and Hon. Dayo Ogungbenro were confirmed as full time members of the board. Ogundoyin said the resolve of Gov. Makinde to transform Oyo state is not in doubt going by the caliber of people being considered for appointment into the state executive council. The speaker maintained that virtually all the appointees are technocrats and highly placed people who have or are making waives in their chosen careers. The nominees are expected to be sworn in by governor anytime soon. Dr Nureni Adeniran, confirmed Chairman of State Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB), said he will advocate training of the girl – child, saying when you train a child, you trained the Nation. He promised that the board will do all within its power to ensure that education is uplifted in the State The Assembly, thereafter, announced that the house was going on recess and adjourned till Sept .16.