Alhaji Ibrahim Goni, Conservator-General (CG), National Parks Service (PKS), says the seven National Parks across the country are fully equipped and prepared for fun seekers ahead of the Eid=el Kabir celebration on Sunday.  “The parks are ready; they are being upgraded to meet international standards. Nigerians seeking fun during the Eid-el Kabir festival are welcome,” Goni told our reporter on Saturday in Abuja,. Goni spoke further: “We have facilities that will make visitors comfortable at Gashaka Gumti, Cross River, Kamuku, Okomu and Old Oyo parks. “Oli Tourist Camp at Kainji Lake National Park in Niger State covers an area of 5,340.82sq.km with 52 standard chalets. We boast of 24-hour electricity supply, a conference centre, two swimming pools, a restaurant and bar. “Chad Basin National Park, located in the extreme North-East of Nigeria between Borno and Yobe States, has 12 chalets well furnished, en-suite facilities for people out for sport fishing, boat cruising and bird watching at night. “Our facilities at the Cross River, Kamuku, Old Oyo and Okomu National Parks are also superb. We have same facilities that showcase nature at its best,’’ he said. He said that the parks were good for summer holidays, urging Nigerians to rethink their tendency to undertake trips abroad this summer and turn to any of the National parks to enjoy the ambience of nature that God had blessed Nigeria with. According to him, patronising the parks will go a long way to help develop them to acceptable global standards. “It will also enhance the revenue drive of the parks and contribute to the country’s Gross Domestic Product (GDP). “We are working to preserve and protect the nation’s natural heritage and the cultural edifices for unborn generations. If we don’t patronise them, they will go moribund,” he said. He assured Nigerians that despite the security situation in some parts of the country, the parks would continue to serve as an embodiment of the nation’s biodiversity conservation and ecotourism destinations. “I assure Nigerians that adequate security has been put in place to ensure the safety of visitors and tourists intending to visit the national parks during the celebrations. “We have adequate security and surveillance patrol at all the national parks in the country, so they won’t become hiding places for criminals this season of celebration. “Our intention is to rid the parks of criminals and hoodlums who may want to take advantage of the Sallah celebrations to perpetrate nefarious activities in and around the parks,’’ he said. The CG called on the Muslim faithful to use the Eid-el Kabir celebrations to pray for Nigeria.