An Ibadan based businesswoman, Titilayo Adeleke, on Thursday sought from a Mapo Customary Court in Ibadan, the dissolution of her three year-old marriage to her husband, Ojo, due to unending loneliness.  Narrating her ordeal before Chief Ademola Odunade, the President of the court, Titilayo, who lived at Felele area of Ibadan, said her husband had abandoned her and the child for three years adding that she was no longer interested in the marriage. “Immediately I got pregnant for Ojo in 2016, he left me without taking care of me. “Again, he did nothing when I gave birth to the baby and till date, Ojo has not shown any form of responsibility regarding the child’s welfare and education. “I don’t even know where he lives, what he does for living and whether he is a ghost or not. “Sometimes ago, Ojo sent me a message on my mobile phone, threatening my life. “I don’t know Ojo, I have been living in loneliness, unhappiness and dissatisfaction since 2016,” Titilayo lamented. The respondent however, opposed the suit, while denying some of the allegations leveled against him and prayed the court not to dissolve the union. Ojo, who claimed to be an electrical and electronic dealer, stated that he loved his wife and would do anything to keep and defend her interest. “I have promised to meet up with the conditions laid down by Titilayo, but I haven’t been financially buoyant enough to meet them up yet. “She told me that she cannot come to my apartment except I change it, but Titilayo still refused to join me even when I changed it. “I am in the process of meeting up with other conditions she gave me and there was no way I threatened her life,” Ojo stated. Odunade held that there was nothing the court could do since the plaintiff had made up her mind to part ways. He added that the court ended the union in the interest of peaceful living and granted custody of the two year-old child to Titilayo. The Arbitrator directed Ojo to pay N5, 000 as the child’s monthly feeding allowance in addition to been responsible for his education and other welfare. Our correspondent reports that Ojo resides at Basorun area in Ibadan.