Eat’N’Go Limited, leading franchisee for No. 1 Pizza company in the world – Domino’s Pizza and its 2 other global brands, Cold Stone Creamery and PinkberryGourmet Frozen Yoghurt, is celebrating seven years of continuous  growth since it began operation in Nigeria in August 2012. This anniversary, further throws a spotlight on the company’s successand immense progress in the dynamic quick service restaurant industry in Nigeria. As   part   of   its   growth   trajectory,   the   leading   QSR   brand   has   remained   consistent   in   theexpansion of its services to more Nigerians, providing value and satisfaction for its customers all year round. With presence in Abuja,  Port-Harcourt, Lagos,  Ibadan, Ilorin, Akure and Enugu,Eat’N’Go has also just recently extended its footprint to Calabar with the launch of a megaoutlet in the heart of the city this August. Since its entrant into the Nigerian market, Eat’N’Go has recorded significant milestone across allaspects of its business with the delivery of high quality service. In the last 7 years, the brand hasgrown from 250 members of state to over 2400 state members. Increase in number of outlets to102 and currently operates with a N10 billion investment in Nigeria. In the course of its operation ons in Nigeria, the company has recorded a long list of achievements and awards, most recent of them is winning the QSR brand of the year  2019 and the CEO winning the most innovative  CEO award at the Business Day Leadership Awards 2019. While commenting  on the Businessday Awards,  he added “we are partcularly honoured to have received this presgious award. It proves that the hard work and commitment of our teamhas not gone unnoticed. Since inception , we have remained consistent in our dedicated on to bringing the best food experience and concepts to Nigerians and Africans. We are inspired bythis recognize on and will continue  in this light”. Speaking   on   the   anniversary,   CEO   Eat’N’Go   Limited,   Patrick   Mc.   Michael   revealed   his excitement on the organisations  growth in Nigeria over the years, owning its success to all its stakeholders . He said “Our experience in Nigeria has been tremendously great. Not only havewe grown as a company, we have evolved enough to be a huge contributor to the Nigerianeconomy as well as giving back to the society.We will like to say thank you to all of our loyalstakeholders whose impact and contribute on has proven priceless to us as a company’’. Within its seven years in Nigeria, Eat’N’Go has invested significantly in human capital development,contribute and greatly to Nigeria’s labour market. The organisation as part of its corporate social responsibility, have also partnered with Slum2School Africa, a volunteer-driven developmental   organization   that   provides   quality   education   to   disadvantaged   children,   to   send   1000 undeserved children to school in Nigeria