Mr Favour Movel, the overall best in the 2019 West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE), has been awarded scholarship for higher studies by both Federal and Plateau Governments.  Movel, a 17-year student of Christian Royal College, Sabon Barki, Jos, scored A1 in all the nine subjects he sat for in the 2019 WASSCE. The overall best who hails from Panskshin Local Government Area of Plateau, also scored 323 in the Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME). Gov. Simon Lalong who received Movel, his parents, the proprietor and management of the school on Tuesday in Jos, said that the Federal Government in conjunction with Chinese Government had give him (Movel) scholarship to study engineering. “But I was told that you want to study medicine, I assure you that whatever you want I will do it. “We have already secured you a scholarship with the Federal Government but if you don’t want it, Plateau will give you scholarship for what you want immediately,” he said. Lalong announced that apart from the scholarship, Plateau  Government would reward the parents of the child, the teachers of the school and the proprietor for making Plateau proud. He stated that the four components worked together to produce a Movel whom is not only the pride of Plateau but entire northern Nigeria. According to him, he would formally present the overall best student to the northern governors whenever they have Northern Governors Forum meeting which he chairs. The governor commended the proprietor of the school, Chief Garba Pwul (SAN), for establishing a standard school, and said that his administration was determined to replicate such standard in public schools. “We met dilapidated public schools but we are building standard ones as legacy projects to give option to those who cannot afford private ones. “We are also monitoring the private schools, those that are doing well we will encourage them and those that are not up to standard we will close them. “We do not want people opening schools for the purpose of making profits only,” he said. Lalong added that his administration had opened skills acquisitions centres to enable youths to get skills in addition to education. Mr Victor Pwul, representative of the proprietor, thanked Gov. Lalong for creating the enabling environment for establishment of schools such as theirs to thrive. “Where there is good government in place, many citizens are inspired to give some support to the state in various sectors. “That is what Garba Pwul has done in the area of education by establishing Christian Royal College which is nine years old and graduated fours sets with Movel’s set being the fourth. “Favour Movel is an exceptional mind,  a genius, a fertile ground begging for immediate exploitation. “We are delighted to present him to you as a father of the state because it will be of great advantage to Plateau and Nigeria to intervene and harness the talents of Movel,” he stated. Pwul added that many youths would be inspired if exceptional abilities of Movel were publicly rewarded. Mr Appolos Movel, father of Favour, a Federal Road Safety Corps personnel, said that he and his wife were meeting the governor one on one for the first time through their son. The father thanked the school for imparting the knowledge that helped his son to distinguish himself. He also commended Gov. Lalong for fulfilling a scripture which states that “when the righteous are in power, the people rejoice”. In his remarks, Favour said that it was incredible for him to meet the governor in person. He said that many children had talents and all that they needed was encouragement and thanked the governor for honouring him. “This honour you have shown me will not be in vain. I promise to do my best for  the development of Plateau and Nigeria when the time comes,” he said.