Gov. Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawa State, has appealed to Federal Civil Service Commission (FCSC) to employ more indigenes of the state, saying the state was underrepresented at the Federal level.  Sule made the appeal when the Federal Commissioner representing Nasarawa, Benue and Plateau states at the FCSC, Dr Jonah Madugu paid him a courtesy call at the Government House, Lafia on Tuesday. The governor said he had made similar appeal at every opportunity, especially because of the state’s proximity to the federal capital. Sule pointed out that though the state would have preferred to have four or five permanent secretaries at the federal level, still “there are so many other levels that I strongly believe that you will have the ability to represent us and make sure we are there.” He appealed to the federal commissioner to intervene in his personal capacity to see that Nasarawa state was well represented. Sule further stated that he made similar appeal inside the Aso Rock Villa, at the Office of the Secretary of Government of the Federation (SGF), as well as at the Office of the Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari. “We urge you to assist us to ensure that the people of Nasarawa state are well represented at various levels. “I’m hoping that by the end of the year, I will hear some good news from you,” the governor stated. The governor used the opportunity to update the commissioner on the steps his administration had taken to reposition the state civil service for optimal efficiency. He disclosed that the state government was putting up a 4-man committee to review  recommendations of the committee set up to restructure the state civil service. “We are just putting up a team for that committee together, a committee of four that will review that report, digest it for implementation,” sule said. Earlier in his remark, Madugu said he was at the Lafia government house to congratulate the governor on his victory at the 2019 general election and to update him  on the activities of the commission. Madugu was accompanied on the visit by the Chairman and Commissioners of the Nasarawa State Civil Service Commission.