The Borno Governor-elect, Prof. Babagana Zulum, on Monday promised to adopt practical measures to enhance security and fast track rebuilding and resettlement of communities ravaged by Boko Haram insurgency.  Zulum said in an acceptance speech over his emergence as the elected governor that his administration would consolidate on the feat achieved by Gov. Kashim Shettima. He said that he will accord priority to the protection of lives and property, reconstruction and resettlement, infrastructure development and economic reform programmes. The governor-elect listed other key priority areas to include poverty reduction, job creation and agriculture transformation as well as enhancing access to quality education and health care services. Zulum said: “I will remain highly committed to building and improving on all the institutional gains already laid by Gov. Shettima, particularly his rebuilding and resettlement drives. “Our administration of continuity will place security of lives at the top of priorities, the essence of government is to secure lives and create an atmosphere where citizens are not only safe but they feel safe. “We shall attach similar priority to the provision of infrastructure to rejuvenate the economy of the state. We will build the capacity of more youths and create more jobs for them. “We will increase access to public healthcare, quality and affordable education as well as strengthen agriculture to create opportunities”. Zulum promised further that he would work to achieve the goals set for the tasks despite the challenges posed by meager resources and called on the people to support his administration to move the state forward. “I shall be willing to work with everyone, including those who contested with us. I believe that what works better is cooperation rather than confrontation. “We have seen this in the success story of Shettima both in governance and political sphere. “Politics without bitterness is the most ideal way to go, particularly in our kind of society that has suffered long years of tragic challenges. We need to work together as one family,” he added. Zulum noted that election period was over and called on aggrieved members of the party to bury their differences and support the new administration to promote internal democracy and move the party forward. While commending the PDP candidate, Muhammad Imam, over his sportsmanship during the election campaigns, Zulum sought his cooperation and that of other candidates, to join hand with the new administration to move the state forward. The governor elect also commended the APC leadership, lawmakers, party supporters, security agencies, social media, youth and women over their support and peaceful conduct during the elections. “I appeal to all of you to constantly put us in your individual and group prayers. I besiege you to pray all the time that Allah guides us to be the kind of leaders that will justify your overwhelming mandate. “I assure you that we shall not betray the covenant of trust that binds us together, we will work for Borno and I invite everyone to join me in the task ahead”. It was reported that INEC had declared Zulum, winner of the election with 1, 175, 440 votes to defeat PDP’s Imam, who scored 66, 117 votes. It was reported that 32 candidates contested for the governorship seat in the state.