Mr Desmond Elliot, member of the Lagos State House of Assembly, Constituency 1, on Wednesday called for more empowerment of the local governments to enable them to perform their duties effectively.  Elliot gave the charge during the Constituency Stakeholders’ Meeting held at the Surulere Local Government Council, in Lagos. It was reported that the stakeholders’ meeting was being held simultaneously in the 40 Constituencies in the state. The theme of the meeting is: “Environmental Challenges: Community Engagement to Facilitate Lasting solution.” He said more resources and encouragements were needed for more development in the community, “hence more engagement is the key to enhance unity.” “The importance of this stakeholders’ meeting is engagement. “I believe it was successful and people bared their minds and spoke about their concerns and what concerned them about the community. “We will take it to the floor of the House and send report to the executive for implementation. “Most importantly what I could gather is the need for re-orientation and to sensitise the public to environment and general issues and pick up operation be your brothers keeper. “We from the government side will ensure we do our best to provide support, the necessary infrastructure for peaceful co-existence. “The engagement of the stakeholders has been a good initiative brought up from the Lagos State House of Assembly. “I think it should continue, knowing especially that from the state House we do not have constituency allowance, or projects. “What we have is this kind of forum where we can take all the projects and give to the executive to implement. Earlier in his keynote address he said based on past meetings, there had been  understanding of some socio-economic and infrastructural challenges in various constituencies. He disclosed that the issue of threatening environmental issues in the state including flooding, drainage- related matters were raised at the plenary sessions, which needed proper solutions. Elliot pointed out that with over 22 million people, attracting daily influx of 6000 migrants, the state was  faced with daunting rapid environmental problems which included waste generation and management. The lawmaker said that government was keen on protecting the environment and improving health standards of residents. He said that the determination had resulted in re-organisation of Lagos Waste  Management Agency to make it proactive towards enforcing, regulating and ensuring improved waste management process. “The Lagos State House of Assembly is appealing to residents to comply with the environmental laws of the state, embrace attitudinal change and join
hands with the government in a renewed commitment to preserve the environment,” he said. It was reported that more that 300 constituents of different groups such as the Arewa group, Surulere Youths, Artisans, the Igbo, Christian and Muslim communities, Ward Chairmen  and the Transport Unions attended the event. The constituents were given opportunities to ask questions relating to environment, security and other issues affecting different communities. Some of the constituents present, who spoke to our reporter at the sideline at the meeting, commended the efforts of the representative and also called for actions to improve the state. Adeoti Adedeji, President Adelabu Youth Association, commended the renewed efforts of the Lagos State Government to clean up the state. “Lagos is the centre of excellence and it needs to look the part, the clean up initiative of the government is highly welcome and has been long anticipated,” he said. “The only problem we will have now, as we have had on other projects, is maintenance. “I hope there will be adequate provision for that in the overall plan,” he said. Mr Abioudun Onike, a photographer, also the Vice President of Evergreen Youth, said the restoration efforts of the Lagos State Government was a welcomed development. “People in my line of business will do better if our environment is clean and photo worthy, people travel all over the world just for a good pictures,” he said. “I believe this effort will not only benefit the environment, it will also lead to increase in local and international tourists visiting the state,” he said. Mr Siji Abawoaba, president of the Surulere Artisan Union, urged the engagement of LAWMA for the pick up of used tyres from the Vulcanisers for recycling. “We hope to return to the process of clearing and collection of used tyres from the roads and used oil. “All these were items collected from us and used for recycling, it will help in reducing the amount of tyres seen on our roads,” he said.