Gov. Babagana Zulum of Borno has restated his administration’s support to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation’s immunisation and polio eradication campaign in the state.  Zulum gave the assurance during a meeting with members of the Foundation at the Government House, Maiduguri on Monday. This was contained in a statement issued by Mr Ndahi Sawa, the Director of Press, Government House, and made available to newsmen in Maiduguri. The governor pledged to ensure prompt payment of the state’s counterpart fund to the Foundation to enable it mobilise participation and enhance effective routine immunisation coverage in the state. “Payment of counterpart fund is necessary to enable the team embark on proper enlightenment campaign, for effective routine immunisation to areas that are inaccessible in the state,’’ he said. Zulum disclosed that a bill for the establishment of Health Insurance Scheme (HIS) would soon be forwarded the state House of Assembly for consideration. He added that his administration decided to adopt the proactive measures so as to enhance quality healthcare service delivery to the people of the state. According to the governor, his administration has so far constructed 10 health facilities in the last 100 days, adding that 10 additional clinics would also be constructed to meet the healthcare needs of the people at the grassroots. While commending the Foundation for its drive at improving the routine immunisation coverage, particularly in remote areas, Zulum also lauded the military for their contributions to the immunisation campaign. Dr Chris Elias, the Chairman of the Foundation, reiterated its commitment to working closely with government to ensure successful eradication of the disease in the state. Also speaking, Dr Sule Mele, the Executive Secretary, Borno State Primary Healthcare Development Agency (PHCDA), said that about 43, 000 children were not covered in the previous immunisation exercises in inaccessible settlements due to insurgency. He thanked the state government for prompt payment of counterpart contributions to the immunisation programme and sought for more support to the exercise. Also speaking, Maj.-Gen. Olusegun Adeniyi, the Theatre Commander, Operation Lafiya Dole, said that the command would mobilise resources and personnel to facilitate the smooth conduct of the exercise in the state.