The President of Women Arise for Change Initiative, Dr Joe Okei-Odumakin, has called for the establishment of a National Gender-Equity Commission in Nigeria.  Okei-Odumakin made the call on Tuesday in Enugu while delivering a lecture at the Big Ideas Podium Conference, with the theme, “Gender Disparity and Underdevelopment in Nigeria’’, was organized by the African Heritage Institution (AfriHeritage). He said that the commission should serve as a legislative body to monitor state and Federal Government’s due compliance with gender commitments. “These commitments include minimum 35 per cent women representation at all levels in line with national policy,’’ she said. According to her, it is not a good development to have only seven women in the 109 senate and 11 women of 360 members in the House of Representatives. Okei-Odumakin said: “This under representation and clear-cut marginalisation cannot stand if only women come together and believe in themselves and use their overwhelming numerical strength to stand their ground. “There must be provision of adequate opportunities for women to develop and contribute to national development and socio-economic growth.’’ She, however, called on mothers and families to ensure the education of the girl-child to help liberate them from all forms of cultural, societal and socio-political marginalization. “Education is the best form of empowerment that would not only bring economic freedom but also mental and cultural freedom for all women and every other person in society,’’ she said. Also, Mrs Angela Gbanite, a former Permanent Secretary, Enugu State Ministry of Gender, called for understanding from the malefolk on the need to give women more responsibilities in society. Gbanite also urged women to form social networking and cooperative societies to enhance their socio-economic standing as well as knowledge on contemporary issues even politics. Mr Cromwell Chibuzo, an Enugu-based human rights lawyer, urgent Nigerian men and authorities to be fair and just to women in the overall scheme of things. “I hope the country is not waiting for the days of persistent street protests before Nigerian men and authorities do the needful to recognise women as co-partners in socio-economic and political progress of the country,’’ Chibuzo said. It was reported that AfriHeritage, formerly known as African Institute for Applied Economics, is a research-based, capacity building and networking institution. It carries out work on national and international socio-economic and political issues.