Seplat Petroleum Development Company Plc (SEPLAT), operator of the NNPC/SEPLAT Joint Venture, says its intentions in host communities and other communities in the areas of health, education and economic empowerment, among others, are in line with its mandate to support the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) of the United Nations. To this end, the joint vnture, last week, brought succor to community members of its areas of operation and to other indigenes of Imo State, as it holds  the 2019 edition of its Eye Can See and Safe Motherhood programmes, the company’s signature Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) health programmes. Speaking at the opening ceremony  which took place on September 19th at the Medical Health Centre at Izombe, Imo State, the wife of the Imo state governor, Lady Ebere Ihedioha who flagged the medical outreach open said: “If all the corporate organisations were to tow this route of SEPLAT petroleum today, the burden of underdevelopment and social restlessness particularly in the oil producing areas in the state would be greatly reduced. This programme  therefore places SEPLAT Petroleum at the top of the Corporate Social Responsibility in the state, and by extension has won the hearts of our people.” The Eye Can See and Safe Motherhood Programmes are Seplats CSR initiatives executed annually across the Company’s host communities, with focus on providing comprehensive, quality and free healthcare to members of the host communities and states. These programmes align with the Sustainable Development Goals 3, Health for All and the respective state governments’ aspirations of providing good health for their people. In the company’s response,  Dr. Chioma Nwachuku, General Manager, External Affairs & Communications, representing Mr. Austin Avuru, the Chief Executive Officer of Seplat, said: “People are at the center of everything we do. The NNPC/SEPLAT joint venture takes delight whenever we have opportunity to deploy these two key programmes specially designed for the wellbeing of our community members and for other indigenes of the state who wish to access the benefits of these health progrommes.” Through the Eye Can See and Safe Motherhood initiatives, Seplat has provided premium health care in line with its commitment to ensuring the wellbeing of people living in its host communities. The company began in  2017 to run these programmes annually in these communities. The Eye Can See initiative has brought community dwellers face to face with specialist optometrists . Within the two year period, a total of 7,343 patients have benefitted from the initiative, 2,200 reading glasses have been given to patients while over 233 successful eye surgeries have been conducted. On the other hand, through the Safe Motherhood initiative, Seplat has supported pregnant women and nursing mothers with Safe Motherhood kits comprising a maternity bag, treated mosquito nets, vitamin supplements and other medical items which foster safe delivery, and cater to babies. As part of the programme, pregnant women are also enlightened about safe and planned motherhood as well as child care. So far, 3,586 expectant mothers have received Safe Motherhood kits in Seplat’s Eastern Asset area in the last two editions of the initiative. This year’s Opening ceremony was attended by government dignitaries, traditional rulers, community leaders, government officials and Management/Staff of Seplat and NNPC.