The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), as part of its Market Development efforts is set o hold a two-day conference in partnership with the University of Lagos (UNILAG). The programme themed ‘Leveraging the Capital Market for Economic Growth and Development’ is scheduled for September 11 and 12, 2019 at the Tayo Aderinokun Lecture Theatre, UNILAG, Akoka, Lagos. According to the Acting Director General SEC, Ms Mary Uduk, the conference is being organised as one of the Commission’s efforts in consolidating on Capital Market growth and development adding that the event seeks to stimulate exchange of ideas between the academia and the industry. The Governor of Lagos State, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu is expected as Special guest of honour while Mr Femi Lijadu, the Chairman of the board of the SEC; and Ms Mary Uduk, the acting Director General of the SEC, are the guests of honour. The chief host of the event is the Vice Chancellor of UNILAG, Prof Toyin Ogundipe, while the host is Prof Owolabi Kuye, the Dean, Faculty of Management Science, UNILAG. Various guests speakers are expected at the conference and they include, Mr Oscar Onyema, the CEO of the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE); Mr Bola Onadele Koko, the MD/CEO of FMDQ Securities Exchange; and Mr Adedapo Adekoje, the President of Chartered Institute of Stockbrokers (CIS) Nigeria. Others are Mr Bola Ajomale, the MD/CEO of NASD Plc; Mr Akin Akeredolu-Ale, the MD/CEO of Lagos Commodity and Futures Exchange; Mrs Toyin Sanni, the Group CEO of Emerging Africa Capital; and Mr Taiwo Adeniji, the Senior Director Investments Group at the Africa Finance Corporation (AFC). Also expected to address the gathering are Prof Uche Uwaleke, the Commission for Finance, Imo state, Mr Haruna Jalo-Waziri, MD/CEO of Central Securities Clearing System (CSCS) Plc; Prof Ayo Olowe, the Conference Co-Chair and Head, Department of Finance, UNILAG, and Mr. Edward Okolo, Conference Co-Chair and Director,  Market Development SEC, amongst others. Themes to be discussed during the conference include, Capital Market, Innovation, Regulation and Economic Development: Past, Present and Future; Stock Market, Governance, Technology and Business Models: Emerging Trends; Financial Literacy, Digital Finance, Inclusion and the Democratization of Wealth in Africa; Frontiers of Trading in Fixed Income Products and Derivatives in Africa; and Commodity Exchange and Development of ecosystem for agricultural trade, risk management and finance in Africa. Others are Stock Market Innovativeness for SME Financing in Africa; Stock Markets, Fund Managers and Stockbroking: Rebuilding Investors’ Trust; Securities Clearing, Settlement and Depository in Africa: Issues and Innovations; and Infrastructure Finance and the Capital Market: Role of Multilateral DFIs.