….appeals for calm in Nigeria, urges FG’s intervention The Global Forum for Human Rights and Sustainable Development, a nonprofit and non governmental organization has condemned the attacks and the killing innocent Nigerians and other foreign nationals residing in South Africa in the recent violent Xenophobic attacks in the country. The organization, in a press statement issued by its General Secretary, Keshiro Morenike Kaosarat and made available to the journalists described the act as reckless, barbaric and condemnable. ”It is very sad and disheartening that the lives of Nigerians and other nationals residing in South Africa are being wasted with such carelessness and recklessness”, she stated adding that according to United Nations declaration, “everyone has the right to freedom of movement and residence within borders of each state”. She harped that other Nationals of any country have right to live in any country of his or her choice, saying South Africans should stop the dastard attacks against Nigerians and others who live, work and reside in South Africa. While accusing the South African government and its security agencies for tactically supporting their citizens in the evil act, the organisation’s scribe pointed out that ”up till now, nothing has been done by the South African government as regards to the interview granted by the former Deputy Minister of Police, Bongani Mkongi, where he incited South African citizens against other foreign nationals residing in South Africa”. Bongani was quoted as saying: ‘How can a city (Hilbrow) in South Africa be 80% foreign Nationals? That is dangerous, we have surrendered our city to foreign Nationals. There is no where in the world where you have 80% foreign nationals domiciled in a city. You won’t find South Africans in other countries dominating a city into 80%. This is a sign of taken over power and in future, you may have foreign national as your President. It’s not Xenophobic, to talk true but a matter of principle. We fought for it”. ”Despite the fact South African government promised to sanction him. This has been swept under the rug.  The South African Government is not clean, they giving them support.
This is not the ideology and the principle laid down by Iconic Dr. Nelson Mandela. This is not the practice in the United States of America, Canada, United kingdom and other countries”, the statement added. She therefore, tasks Nigerian government to be proactive in defending the rights of their citizens in any part of the world. ”Our government has not done enough, there are a lot of steps to be taken to put a total stop to this wanton attacks and killings”. In 2012, during the former President Goodluck Jonathan regime, South Africa deported 125 Nigerians over allegations that they were “bringing yellow fever to South Africa “. The Nigerian government immediately deported 80 South Africans back and blocked off entry for other South Africans trying to get into Nigeria, telling them that South Africa has a HIV problem and Nigeria could not afford to have them over here. In less than a week the South African government apologised to Nigeria over the incident. Morenike, however appeals to Nigerian Youths to remain calm and not to destroy the South African investments in Nigeria, explaining that doing so will amount to anarchy and this may result in unemployment on the part of those who were gainfully employed by these companies.