Former Interim National Chairman of All Progressives’ Congress (APC), Chief Bisi Akande, has called on Nigerian leaders to work together in unity to enable the country celebrate many more years of democracy together.  Akande made the call on Thursday during the public presentation of his book entitled: “The Bisi Akande Phenomenon: Governance, Economy and Politics” held at the University of Lagos, Akoka. It was reported that the book was co-edited by Dr Dhikrullah Yagboyaju and Pro. Lai Olurode. Akande urged the Federal Government to deepen the tenets of democracy through an advanced educational curriculum and focus less on religion and ethnic biases. “The Federal Government should promote technologically advanced educational curriculum as a panacea for economic and political advancement,” Akande said. He urged leaders to strengthening the image of the country by working together to address the current challenges facing the citizens. In his remarks, Gov. Adegboyega Oyetola of Osun State, who was also the chief host, described Akande as a visionary and dynamic leader. He noted that Akande remained the architect of Osun, having laid a solid foundation which his successors built on in all sectors. Oyetola said that the book was a service to the nation and humanity, noting that it was a collection of Akande’s illustrious contributions to the building of Nigeria’s political edifice. The governor noted that the book would be a compendium for generations yet unborn as it would put them through the appropriate building blocks for a new Nigeria. Also speaking, Dr Yagboyaju, a co-editor of the book from Political Science Department, University of Ibadan, said that the book identified some ethics of governance in Nigeria. “We noticed, to a very large extent, that there is decay and since Akande laid a foundation for modern politics in Osun, we identified him as a template. “This is a celebration of hope as we believe there is still hope for Nigeria. With this book, we sought to duplicate the ethics of governance in Nigeria. “The general public across, scholars who are inspired to do scholarly works would greatly benefit from this book. “l recommend the book for politicians, the electorate, students and undergraduates who want to learn about those who have done well for the development of Nigeria,” Yagboyaju said. It was reported that Chief  Akande was governor of Osun State from 1999 to 2003 first Interim National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress.