Mr Olusegun Runsewe, the Director General, National Council for Arts and Culture (NCAC), on Sunday advised Nigerians to focus more on being united,   jettison ethnicity and religous bigotry.  Runsewe who gave the advice while speaking with our correspondent in Lagos, said that ethnicity and religious bigotry were dangerous cankerworms and the major factors disuniting Nigerians. According to him, the nation’s 59th independence anniversary should be a strong turning point for Nigerians to come together. He said that they should face the reality and believe in the nation’s immerse potential which cut across all sectors of the economy. He said that individuals, regardles of their ethnic groups and religions, must come together and make the nation greater than it was. ”I congratulate Mr President and the entire people of Nigeria at this time, I wish us the best for the future of this great country. “I must let Nigerians realise  at a time like this that we must respect the fact that we have gone through some challenges. ”But we must all realise that nobody becomes a champion without going through some challenges, we should put those  challenges things behind us and let us forget issues of sentiments, religion and tribes. ”Let us come together in unity as a force to move this great country forward because the question of where individuals come from will not help anyone,” he said. Runsewe urged Nigerians to stop projecting other cultures better than the nation’s saying that Nigerian culture is richer, modest and in all sense more attractive than other cultures. He said Nigerians must promote the nation’s culture of respect, decent dressing, hardwork, diligence, loyalty, truthfulness, selflessness and for all the citizens to achieve remarkable success individually and collectively. ”We should all use the anniversary as a way forward in coming together and united to achieve common goals. ”No other culture should be seen better than ours, if we do not promote our culture nobody will help us to promote it. ”We must all come to terms with our culture, stay proud of it, practise it and then come to understand the strength of our culture,” he said.