More than 300 journalists were trained in different areas  of the profession by Lagos State Council of the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) in the last two years, its Chairman, Dr Qasim Akinreti, has said.  Briefing newsmen on Thursday in Lagos as part of activities marking his second year in office, Akinreti said that capacity building for members was one of his four cardinal programmes. He said that NUJ Lagos State Council under his leadership had successfully recovered and rehabilitated the union’s property previously in wrong hands and restored the integrity of the union. The chairman said that landed property belonging to members at Aberen in Ogun were reallocated to the owners, while those involved in alleged fraud on the land matter had been dragged to court by the aggrieved members. Akinreti noted that another major achievement by the state executive within the last two years was the remodeling of Lagos NUJ secretariat at Iyalla, Alausa. According to him, the one-storey building has been redesigned to two- storey building and has reached 40 per cent completion. He also said that the council secured a parcel of land for the NUJ Radio in Badagry, while other expanses of land was secured at Ogun and Oyo States for agricultural projects. “I am glad that my four points agenda were achieved: Integrity, welfare for members, capacity building and investment. “We have also supported our members studying at various levels, including those doing doctorate degrees. If you are an undergraduate, bring your admission letter to us, we will support you. “We have also supported our members, whose media organisations have not paid, and for the sick, we show our love too,” he said. Akinreti said the week long second year anniversary between Sept. 23 and Sept. 29 would include health walk and talk, lecture, photo exhibition, colloquium, novelty match and award/gala night. Among personalities that would be honoured were Femi Adeshina, Senior Special Adviser on Media to the President, Abike Dabiri-Erewa, Chairman, Nigerians in Diaspora Commission and RRS Commander, DCP Tunji Disu, amongst others. The chairman said that the national secretariat of NUJ, Abuja had approved the week long event, including award to some individuals and members.