The All Progressives Congress (APC) has described the judgment delivered by the Presidential Election Tribunal dismissing the petition against the election of President Muhammadu Buhari, as victory to the progressive growth and development of the country’s economy.  The ruling party in a statement signed by its National Publicity Secretary, Mallam Lanre Issa-Onilu, in Abuja on Wednesday, commended the tribunal for dismissing in its entirety the petition filed by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and its presidential candidate, Alh. Atiku Abubakar. “Going forward, APC’s victory at the presidential polls and the election tribunal represents our collective desire as a people to remain focus on the progressive growth and development of our country’s economy, fight against corruption, and providing security. “Consequently, we have taken a bold step by rescuing our nation from the satanic era of PDP, when our collective interests were being corruptly traded among a few pillagers. “We note, unfortunately, the continuous efforts being made by the unpatriotic elements in PDP, having held our country down for nearly two decades, to truncate our movement towards greatness. “We, however, remain resolute in this journey being ably led by President Muhammadu Buhari,” Issa-Onilu said.
According to him, the APC administration will lead this country to the fulfillment of its destiny. “With today’s legal affirmation of President Muhammadu Buhari’s election victory, the APC congratulates the President; the Vice President, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo SAN, all members of our great party and, indeed, all well meaning Nigerians on this landmark judgment. “The APC congratulates the Judiciary for refusing to succumb to the opposition party’s subterfuge. We note the painstaking efforts and thoroughness of the Justices of the Presidential Election Petition Tribunal in arriving at their decision. “Today’s judgment, no doubt, would go down in the annals of our nation as the longest and detailed, spanning almost 10 hours,” the party’s spokesman said. He said that the judgment by the five-member validated the decision of most Nigerians to do away with the past as expressed in their overwhelming votes in the 2019 elections. “The PDP and Atiku’s petition was largely hinged on the educational qualification of President Muhammadu Buhari and tales of an Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) server and allegations of electronic transmission of election results. “This was rightly dismissed by the Tribunal for lacking in merit. “From the outset, our party was not perturbed over the PDP and Atiku’s petition, which will go down in Nigeria’s history as the most frivolous in the history of Election Petition. “Infact our position has now been justified that the PDP and Atiku’s petition was a complete waste of time. In their puerile efforts, they insisted on taking the country on a circus and wild goose chase,” he said.