The 9th edition of annual ABEDORC Arts, Entertainment and community service Awards of Excellence 2019 have been  slated for Saturday Sept 28th. The annual Awards programme which will hold at Paparazzi Eventz Hall, 10, Dansk Court, Etobicoke, Toronto, Canada is expected to bring together those who have contributed tremendously in community services in Canada, America and Africa in general . ABEDORC Productions Inc, an entertainment and broadcast outfit, specializes in event managements, media relations, advertising, record production and promotion of artists. Prince Yinka Farinde, the Chief Executive Officer of ABEDORC Productions in a press statement made available to  journalists on Saturday in Toronto, Canada  said he gives glory to Almighty God for giving him energy and strength for consistently bestowing the Awards of honor annually on those who have contributed positively in the community services. He said further that the ninth edition of Awards of Excellence will be more entertaining, educating and superlative than the previous ones. So many interesting things have been added to this year’s package to give it more of International standard. The Nigeria Canadian born musician and medical practitioner maintained that  ” The recipient of the Awards were chosen based on merits, the selections were not for financial benefits. We are doing this as a way of appreciating and commending our people, so as to motivate others to do more and also to promote our local artists and the upcoming ones.” The Igbajo born who had in the past, promoted a lots of top and reigning musicians from Nigeria to Canada, such as Chief Ebenezer Obey Fabiyi, Sir Shina Peters, Alhaji Wasiu Alabi Pazuma, King Saheed Osupa, Alhaji Rasheed Ayinde, Alhaji Alao Malaika, Tuface Idibia, Small Doctor among others urges the residents of Canada to come out to honor their brothers and their sisters and to use the avenue to have fun, share business interests, ideas and networking “For us in ABEDORC Productions, we will continue to bring out the best in our people, Chief Yinka Farinde, the multitalented and all round entertainer who has been promoting Multiculturalism in Canada, assured’.  He concluded.