Ogun State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, has said his administration would not take arbitrary actions on the Moshood Abiola University of Science and Technology,  MAUSTECH. Although, he expressed worry over  the poor state of education in the State, Gov Abiodun assured the people of the State that his administration was putting measures in place to reverse the trend. Prince Abiodun stated  these while receiving the report of the Review Committee on MAUSTECH/MAPOLY/OGUNPOLY crisis in his office at Oke-Mosan, Abeokuta. He said it was regretable that the fortune of the education sector in the State has nosedived over the years as a result of poor standard. The Governor expressed displeasure that the Moshood Abiola University of Science and Technology (MAUSTECH),Abeokuta, could not take off two years after it was established, a situation which affected academic activities of the Moshood Abiola Polytechnic, Abeokuta, regarded as one of the best Polytechnics in Nigeria. He said the setting up of the Committee was part of the good governance which is premised on Justice, fairness, equity and obeying the rule of law, adding that hisadministration’s would not take arbitrary decisions without following due process. “Our administration did not want to take arbitrary action and that was why we set up this Committee. The Committee is part of the good governance which is to be fair, just and equitable  to all. “We will look at the report, especially the Ife model. We will also consider the bureau of tertiary education and all the suggestions that will help in takimg our decision”, he said. While appreciating the Committee members for dedicating their time and energy in coming up with suggestions which would go along way in resolving the matter, Governor Abiodun said he will continue to bring in top notch technocrats, who are indigenes of the State, to help in solving challenges facing the State. Speaking earlier, Chairman of the Committee, Prof. Segun Awonusi, said members took the views  of all stakeholders including students, lecturers, traditional rulers into consideration before taking final decision. Enumerating on some of the recommendations, Prof. Awonusi said a ministry , commission or a bureau should be established to handle tertiary education, while the new Ife model, where land resources of the University is use for agricultural purposes should be adopted to generate funds for the State’s tertiary institutions. The Committee, according to Awonusi, also recommended the adoption of the Public Private Partnership platform in making use of the structures put in place at Ipokia, in order not to prevent wastage.