Lagos State Branch of the Committee for the Defence of Human Rights (CDHR) says it will visit Ikoyi and Kirikiri Prisons in Lagos on Wednesday to mark its 30th anniversary. Alex Omotehinse, Chairman of CDHR, told journalists on Sunday in Lagos that the prison visitations would enable the rights group to perfect bail conditions of indigent inmates. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the theme of it’s anniversary is: “Human Rights Situation In Nigeria! CDHR As An Intervention Group ” Prospects And Challenges”. “As part of the line up of activities to celebrate our 30th Anniversary, we shall be visiting some prisons in Lagos State, especially the Ikoyi and Kirikiri Prisons, with the intention to perfect bail conditions of some indigent inmates. “So many inmates are in various prisons across the country languishing because they cannot meet bail conditions. We need to do this as often as possible,” the CDHR boss said. Omotehinse, said there were still human rights abuses in Nigeria, urging the law enforcement agencies to be more alive to their responsibilities and ensure respect for human rights. He said that CDHR was formed in April, 1989 as a group of professionals, individuals, friends and associates, who felt concerned about the detention of the trade unionist, Femi Aborishade. “The group, then known as the “Free Aborishade Committee” was formed to campaign for the release of Mr Aborishade from custody. An umbrella body was later formed to defend, not only the rights of the detainees, but also the Fundamental Human Rights of all Nigerians on a permanent basis. “Thus the committee blossomed into a full-fledged Non-Governmental Organisation, whose membership is open to all irrespective of political, ethnic, racial or religious background,” he said.
Omotehinse said that the grand finale of the anniversary on Saturday would have the Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi (Ojaja 1) as the Royal Father of the Day and the Olu of Ibogun Owu Kingdom,  Oba Fakayode Faluade, among others.