The Standards Organisation of Nigeria (SON) said on Tuesday that the calibration of products and services would boost local and international trade meant to facilitate diversification of the economy.  The Director-General of SON, Mr Osita Aboloma, said this in Enugu at a Stakeholders’ Forum on Calibration Services. Calibration in measurement technology and metrology is the comparison of measurement values delivered by a device under test with those of a calibration standard of known accuracy. Such a standard could be another measurement device of known accuracy, a device generating the quantity to be measured such as a voltage, sound, tone, or a physical artefact, such as a metre ruler. The theme of the forum was `The Role of Calibration in Trade and Business Facilitation and Growth’. Aboloma, represented by the Director of National Metrology Institute (NMI), Enugu, Dr Bede Obayi, said that Nigerians and the Nigeria economy would benefit a lot by bracing calibration, which is adding value for money on every product or service in the country. “Adopting the best practices of calibration with NMI will help the country to conserve hard earned foreign exchange hitherto paid to other countries’ metrology institutes. “It will be a confidence-booster to exporters due to reliability of the products. “It will engender safe environment by providing accuracy in measurements and improve the health of the citizenry. “It will strength other components of National Quality Infrastructure through Standardisation, Accreditation, Certification and Testing,’’ he said. The SON boss lauded the contributions of development partners – UNIDO, Germany government, National Institute of Standards, Egypt – for supply of equipment, staff capacity building, calibration of standards among other collaborative assistance. In a lecture entitled “Effective Calibration Services in Metrology on Trade, Business and Economic Growth in Nigeria’’ Mr Kayode Olagunju, said that the Holy Books encouraged right and just measurement and treatment of all at all times. Olagunju, a metrology expert with SON, said that calibration or right measurement was necessary for all one do in life and ensures that the right standards was maintained to build business confidence. “Calibration should be taken seriously by all as we are moving towards a global business and trade environment that requires not just right quantity but also quality in all we offer as products and services,” he said. Earlier in a goodwill message, Dr D.V.C. Obi, Board Member representing Manufacturers Association of Nigeria (MAN) in National Automotive Design and Development Council, said the association would continue to partner with SON to ensure that its NMI calibration efforts succeeded. The General Officer Commanding 82 Division of Nigerian Army, Maj.-Gen. Abubakar Maikobi, represented by Brig.-Gen. Sylvester Oloyede, said the issue of right and accurate calibration of goods and services would enhance the current military-civilian relationship. Mr Samuel Bot, the Assistant Comptroller of Customs in-charge of Operations in Enugu/Anambra/Ebonyi Command, said that his office would work with NMI to ensure that proper calibration was done on goods so that importers would pay right duties to Federal Government. Dr. Frank Ugwu, Chairman of Udenu Local Government Area, said that ensuring right calibration would build trust and long lasting goodwill in businesses as well as ensure confidence at all time. Ugwu urged SON to carry out massive awareness campaign on calibration as well as follow it up with some enforcement in order to ensure that all Nigerians complied to better the business environment in the country.