Airtel Nigeria has called on Nigerians to nominate worthy causes, persons and communities requiring help as it commenced the fifth edition of Airtel Touching Lives.  Airtel Nigeria Chief Executive Officer, Segun Ogunsanya, told journalists on Thursday in Lagos, that Touching Lives had inspired several corporate organisations and high net worth individuals to imbibe the culture of giving. Ogunsanya said the process of nominating an individual or cause was simple, after which Airtel team would review and assess the situation and determine if a follow-up visit would be required. He said that one could nominate individuals or projects in a community by dialling 367 or by sending an SMS to the Shortcode, 367. According to him, people can also nominate worthy causes by sending email to touchinglives@ng.airtel.com ”Together, we all can make our society a better place if we join hands and collaborate to uplift the downtrodden around us. He said that Airtel was committed to helping the less privileged in the society, as government and non-governmental organisations could not do it all. According to him, everyone has a responsibility to contribute in making Nigeria a better place. ”That is why Airtel Nigeria has continuously embarked on several philanthropic initiatives aimed at impacting lives positively. ”It feels really special to know that for five straight years, we have been able to provide practical relief to many Nigerians afflicted with severe adversity ranging from ill health, lack of water to extreme poverty. ”With the launch of Season 5 of this programme, we remain relentless in our vision to empower more people in the various communities where we operate and also inspire other corporate organisations to reach out to the underprivileged ”Since we launched the Airtel Touching Lives initiative four years ago, we have achieved remarkable success, having restored hope of despaired individuals and families. ”We have saved many from the throes of death and empowered many underprivileged Nigerians,” he said.