Presidential candidate of Allied Congress Party of Nigeria (ACPN) Dr Obiageli Ezekwesili on Monday said she would give a new direction to the country and put it on the path of progress, if elected.  Ezekwesili restated the promise while speaking to party faithful and residents during her campaign in Lagos. She said the country needed a new direction, promising to make it great by bringing about the needed change. “We will give our country a new direction. We will restore hope. We will disrupt the present narrative of hopelessness and put the country on the path of prosperity. “A working Nigeria is a possibility, we will make the country great,“she said. The Presidential candidate said she would pursue robust reforms and implement the right policies to revamp the economy. She said it was possible for the country to achieve great economic strides of China, promising to implement result-oriented actions to transform the country’s economy. Ezekwesili decried the high rate of poverty in the country and its attendant problems. The ex-minister promised to lift 80 million Nigerians out of poverty, if elected. She said she would support the private sector to create jobs and invest massively in agriculture to  drive development. The ACPN candidate said she would diversify the economy and open up critical sectors for increased revenue. Ezekwesili described education as the new oil, pledging to invest in human capital to drive the country`s development. She also promised to invest in infrastructure and digitalise government for ease of government-people transactions. Ezekwesili pledged to run an office of the citizens that would listen and give hope to all Nigerians of different backgrounds. She urged Nigerians to trust her with their votes, saying together with the people, she would buld a country of everyone`s dream. Our correspondent reports that Ezekwesili, alongside her running mate, Alhaji Abdul Ganiu Galadima, and supporters, later interracted with traders, transporters, amongst others, on her vision for Nigeria.