Vice President Yemi Osinbajo says that members of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and their Presidential candidate, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar know that President Muhammadu Buhari is an honest man.  Osinbajo stated this while addressing the `Drive 4 Buhari-Osinbajo’ rally organised by the ‘I am Ready’ campaign group alongside other support groups on Tuesday in Abuja. Referring to an earlier remark by Gov. Yahaya Bello of Kogi State, Osinbajo said that with Buhari Nigeria’s wealth is safe. Bello had earlier posed a question to crowd on whether they would rather deposit their monies in an Atiku Bank or a Buhari Bank. “I will not speak much, I will only give you certain examples and then you will make your choice. Because the difference is clear between APC and any other political party. “Anywhere you go, you ask them this simple question—there are two banks; one is Buhari bank; another one is Atiku bank, where will you deposit your money? The crowd erupted in laughter. Shouting Buhari bank. “The talakawas know that their money is safe in Buhari bank; even Atiku knows that his money is safe in Buhari bank,’’ Bello said. Osinbajo, who was beaming with smile while acknowledging cheers from the enthusiastic crowd, chanted APC campaign slogans while the audience responded. He told the audience that Bello had said it all. The vice president said the major problem of Nigeria was corruption-stealing of the resources of the people, adding that Nigeria would never give looters chance to return to power. “We will not allow them to come back. I think that the very right question has been asked; where will you rather put your money? “If it is me, I will put my money in Buhari bank because even Buhari’s worst enemies know that he is an honest man; even the thieves know that he is an honest man. “Even the enemies will put their money in his bank because they know that their money will be safe in his bank; we have today an honest man as president, a man who will use the money for what it is meant. “Even his worst enemy knows that he is an honest man and that he will use the money. I pray for our country that our country will be great. “And the only way our country would be great is if you and I vote for a man who is honest, for a man who is truthful, a man we know, even his opponents know, everybody in PDP knows that he is an honest man. “Even Atiku knows that Buhari is an honest man; and he can never deny that; nobody can deny that; that is the kind of leader we want for our country today.’’ Osinbajo said that the Buhari-led administration had made giant strides in the last three years. According to him, for the first time, the country is spending money on roads and railways. The vice president listed some completed and ongoing projects as the Lagos-Kano railway; Itakpe—Warri railway and second Niger Bridge. “In every state of Nigeria, we are building a major road. We are going to do the Lagos-Calabar railway. We are going to complete that by the grace of God. Port Harcourt-Maiduguri we are going to complete it. “When we came into office, after 16 years, 3000mw of power was all that we had. Today, we have 7000MW,’’ he said. Osinbajo thanked the campaign coordinators for working so hard across the country to drive home the APC campaign. On his part, Festus Keyamo, Director of Media of the Buhari Campaign Organisation, said that the Federal Government’s Social Investment Programme was the first since 1960 aimed at improving the lives of the poor. Earlier in his remark, Dr Abudallahi Bafa, Coordinator, One 2-Tell-10 Support Group said that the rally was organised to push the Next Level agenda. More so, Mr Afolabi Imoukhuede, Senior Special Assistant to the President on Job Creation (N-Power Scheme), highlighted the impact of the scheme on young Nigerian; hence the need for another four years for the administration. The Minister of Interior, Abdulrahman Dambazau, who spoke on behalf of other ministers at the event, urged Nigerians to vote for continuation so that Buhari would consolidate on his feats. Afterwards, Osinbajo proceeded to the UTC Market, Area 10, Garki, Abuja, where he addressed the artisans and urged them to vote for Buhari in the forthcoming presidential election.