Gov. Udom Emmanuel of Akwa Ibom on Monday assured that the state government would pay N30,000 minimum wage when approved by the Federal Government.  Emmanuel made the promise during a consultation with labour leaders in the state, in Uyo. He said that paying the N30, 000 minimum wage in the state was not a problem and would not be an issue to the government. “Minimum wage has never been an issue; it is just that it has been a matter of legislation. “We are waiting for directives from the Federal Government; once the directive is given, we will pay in our state. “In the face of circumstances and what we face in this country, I have done my best to make sure that workers do not suffer. “I pay salaries in circumstances that I do not receive allocation. You did not elect me to make excuses but to find solution to problems,” Emmanuel said. He stated that labour was the bedrock of development in any nation and commended the workers for their support to his administration, adding that he had fulfilled his promises to the unions. According to the governor, even when allocation from the Federal Government is pending, I source for money to make sure salaries are paid. “Labour is the key to development. You cannot relegate labour to the background. “I have demonstrated capacity yesterday and can look into the future. I am here today because you people have strengthened me to be here and made it possible for me to be here, and we can talk and negotiate. “I thank labour for the fantastic relationship between the labour and us,” he said. Emmanuel pointed out that “Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has the best blueprint for workers in the country. “We need your support in the usual manner to support us in the coming election. Today is the day for consultation. “I want to thank God for the leadership of labour and for this state. It is not in every state that labour sits like this with the governor,” he said. Earlier, Chairman of Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) in the state, Mr Etim Ukpong, said that labour was a very economically and socially viable group. He expressed gratitude to the governor for acknowledging labour leadership in the state had given him support. Ukpong said that workers were appreciative of what the governor was doing and expressed confidence that he would fulfill all outstanding promises made to workers. “Over three and a half years, there has been no labour restiveness in Akwa Ibom because you are working with people who can manage the situation. “Your coming gives us the satisfaction that we are working with somebody who understands the meaning of labour union. “We welcome you here; you saw how the labour leaders welcomed you,” Ukpong said.