Gov. Abdulrahman  Abdulrazaq of Kwara has called on his cabinet members to make the “required sacrifice” as the administration settles down for the task of rebuilding the state.  Abdulrazaq  made the call on Wednesday in Patigi, headquarters of Patigi Local Government Area of the state, in his address at the retreat organised for commissioner-designates, special advisers and other government functionaries. The governor, who was represented by his deputy, Kayode Alabi, said his administration was elected to give the people of Kwara a new lease of life and hope as well as to take the state to the frontline position in the country. He urged the appointees to bring their experience and expertise to bear as they assume duties. “I implore you all to continue meaningfully to enrich the outcome of this retreat for the good of the greatest number of our people whom we were elected to serve. “With this effort, we would have proved beyond any reasonable doubts that we are up to the task and prepare to face the obvious challenges of governance,” he said. The governor also charged the cabinet members to reflect on the agenda articulated in his inaugural address, saying discussions at the retreat would centre on the priorities, expectations and objectives of the administration. According to him, the retreat will adopt the policy thrusts of the government, identify key strategic priorities, strategise to achieve them as well as review the draft four years rolling strategy plan for Kwara. He explained that retreats of this nature was expected to give participants ample opportunity to seriously reflect on the essence of governance and evolve pragmatic vision that would stand the test of time. “The objectives of the retreat are clear, unambiguous and straight forward. It behoves on us all to participate effectively and evolve plausible ideas that would help our administration to quickly chart a course that would make the difference,” he said. Abdulrazaq added that the retreat had been designed to place the appointees on a better pedestal to impact positively on the people.