The Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) on Tuesday said it sanctioned 10 Petroleum Filling Stations in Kaduna for various offences within the last four months.  Malam Isa Tafida, North West Zonal Operational Controller, Kaduna, made the disclosure while fielding questions from reporters in Kaduna. He said 10 service stations and four LGP plants were sealed for failing to comply with the agency’s Standard Operating Procedure (SOP). Tafida said some of the filling stations were sealed for offences ranging from pump under-delivery, diversion and noncompliance to safety regulations. He said officials of DPR had visited 768 filling stations and 38 LGP plants in the last quarter of the year to ensure the stations met the operational standards of serving motorists and general consumers. “The department was able to achieve this through intensified monitoring activities and constant contact and synergy with all the stakeholders in the downstream sector within the zone. “Also, four LGP plants were sealed for installing and upgrade without approval, contravening safety regulations and non-conformity to standard operating procedure,” he said. According to the official, the agency intercepted large consignment of adulterated AGO destined for consumption on various occasions. “These products were quarantined and re-blended to meet standard specification before being allowed to be sold to the public.” Tafida said the agency had ensured availability of unadulterated petroleum products in the zone throughout the festive period in compliance with its mandate and according to the Federal Government’s directives. “In line with the FGN’s aspiration of LPG penetration to prevent indiscriminate cutting down of trees and checkmate desert encroachment, DPR has encouraged LPG utilisation and usage in domestic energy market. “The DPR Kaduna zonal office has licensed 38 plants and 50 retailers to avert dangers and risk associated with decanting LPG by unlicensed retailers. “We appeal to users to patronise licensed gas facilities to safeguard lives and property,” he said. The DPR official warned operators to desist from engaging in sharp practices such as hoarding, smuggling of products to other countries, selling above approved pump price and other acts to shortchange consumers.