Plusworld, an indigenous roof specialist company introduces its roof maintenance technology academy which is the first of its kind in Africa. The training academy is targeted at all strata of the society including young school leavers, undergraduates, professionals, graduates, retirees, engineers, architects and other interested individuals. The Managing Director and CEO of Plusworld, Mr John Igbaifua made this known in a chat with journalists in Lagos recently. In his words, Mr Igbaifua said the training program was to proffer practical solutions to myriad problems a bad roof presents, as well as to prepare eligible beneficiaries for employment and enable self-employment in the construction industry. According to him, the objective of the program is to bridge the knowledge gap in the industry training and practice. Before now, no traditional discipline or training contained all the competencies necessary for roof maintenance and restoration in architecture, engineering, building technology etc. “Our training program will combine intensive classroom instructions using multimedia resources and on-site hands-on practical/apprenticeship program to equip participants with the requisite skills and knowledge to be self-employed in a sought-after niche industry,” he said. The courses which run between two (2) and eight (8) weeks will give trainees access to tools and techniques needed to meet roof specifications and written budget, give insight on the latest industry technology and development, technical standards, research findings, building maintenance operations, customer service, grading, certification and entrepreneurship. Explaining the advantages participants stand to benefit in the training, Mr Igbaifua highlighted skill upgrade, international applicator certification, exposure to opportunities in the construction industry, better understanding of roofing systems that can be used in residential, commercial and industrial build, increased chance of gaining employment as well as roofing business management and entrepreneurship training. The courses in this training include introduction to roofs and roofing systems, introduction to roof maintenance and repairs, roof and structural waterproofing, roof restoration, roof business management and safety at height and at work.