Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu on Monday inaugurated network of 31 strategic roads in Ojokoro LCDA in Ifako-Ijaiye Local Government Area of the stzte.  Sanwo-Olu said at the inauguration that the provision of road infrastructure was central to the delivery of the THEMES agenda of his administration. He said that good road network would facilitate effective management of traffic and transport, and would boost the socio-economic activities of the state. He said good roads would help reduce traffic induced health challenges and travel time to access health facilities and educational institutions. According to him, the drainage that come with the roads help to de-flood the environment, while the streetlights complement the security architecture of the state. ”It is common knowledge that tourism and entertainment are better appreciated and attract more people when access to the venue is relatively stress-free. ”To this extent, the prioritisation of infrastructure, especially, road, rail, and water transportation facilities, is predicated on its multiplier effect and direct relationship to other pillars of the THEMES agenda. ”This Ojokoro LCDA is a strategic settlement with a fast growing population and huge need for infrastructural renewal. ”The 31 network of roads being commissioned today was specifically executed to offer traffic relief to this rapidly developing area. “It will improve the socio-economic activities and connectivity within this axis and its neighbouring Ogun state through Segun Adetiba Road and the bridge across Ilo River. ”The completion of the network of roads will also complement other completed roads within Ojokoro LCDA,” he said. The governor said that the network of roads would help unlock perennial traffic gridlock along Lagos-Abeokuta Expressway with resultant reduction in travel time along that corridor. He called on the residents to ensure that projects in Ojokoro were used judiciously because they had been put in place with commonwealth. ”I urge all community/religious leaders and the people of Ojokoro and others that will ply these roads to guard  jealously the infrastructure being commissioned today and those that would be provided in future. “Together, we shall build a greater Lagos State,” Sanwo-Olu said. The Special Adviser, Works and Infrastructure, Mrs Aramide Adeyoye said that roads infrastructure in particular remained a crucial engine for economic growth and social development. Adeyoye said that the inauguration of the roads lend credence to the administration’s commitment to complete all projects left behind by  predecessors and embark on new projects. “The 20.216km network of roads including Alh. Luqman Avenue, Odun Alayo street, Santos Avenue and Amusa Agbaje street, Orotayo street, Unity road to mention but a few are connected to each other. ”It will help to ease traffic logjam and also help save travel time to its bearest minimum, improve road connectivity within the environs. ”Let us protect our network of roads by ensuring that drainage channels are not turned into dump sites. Streetlights must be protected from vandalism. ”Any motorist who damages the poles should be handed over to law enforcement agents to ensure that they pay for the repairs. ”It is your dividend of democracy, let us ensure it is used for the purpose it is meant for,” she said.