Traders at the former Umuahia main market, popularly known as Isi-Gate, located at the city centre, on Tuesday appealed to Gov. Okezie Ikpeazu to give them more time to relocate to government approved markets.  A cross-section of the people, who spoke to our reporter in Umuahia on the December 31 deadline by the state government, said that they needed more time to be able to secure sheds in other markets in Umuahia and environs. It was reported that trading activities, especially in perishables, meat and second-hand clothing, began to spring up at the place, shortly after the main market was demolished and relocated to Ubani Ibeku, near Umuahia. Worried by the development, the governor in August announced government’s plan to end the illegal trading activities in the area. He told the traders during his visit to appraise the condition of the place that government would relocate them to Ubani Ibeku, Orie Ugba and Amuzukwu markets both in Umuahia. He expressed concern over the illegal trading activities at the place with the attendant human and vehicular congestion as well as the risk the traders go through on a daily basis. It was reported that commercial activities in the area continued to expand on the major roads and adjoining streets, in spite of government’s plan. Speaking at an interactive phone-in programme in the state-owned radio station on Christmas day, the governor reiterated that the December 31 deadline for the relocation of the traders remained sacrosanct. This decision however left the traders agitated, especially after they had marched to the Government House to appeal to the governor to rescind his plan. One of the concerned traders, Mr Johnson Onwuegbu (a meat vendor), said that they were aware of the deadline but only needed more time to enable them to secure space in government’s approved markets. Onwuegbu said: “Government said that today (Dec. 31) is our last day here, but we are only appealing for more time. “We were asked to go to Ubani, Amuzukwu and Orie Ugba, but many of us have yet to secure a space there. “You have to pay so much money to get a space unlike this place that we pay daily token to the task force. “Government should give us at least up to January 31, 2020.” A grocery dealer, Mrs Gladys Udechukwu, said that her major problem was that she did not have the money to rent a shop at Ubani or Amuzukwu. She said: “I don’t even know where to go after today. I’m the breadwinner of my family, following my husband’s death. “I only pay a token daily to put my table here, but now that they are asking us to leave, what will I do?” Mrs Nkechi Okafor, who sells used children clothing, said: “I was among the people that went to see the governor at the Government House on this relocation issue. “He wanted us to move out earlier but we begged him to extend the relocation to Dec. 31. “I will be glad if the governor can give us more time, say by end of January 2020, but I know it will be difficult for him to accept.” Mr Princewill Ugochukwu, who sells used female underwears, said that they were warned that any person that failed to comply would be arrested, prosecuted and stood the risk of going to jail. It was however some comic relief as dealers in second-hand clothing busied themselves with chants of different slogans to announce to their customers about their last day at the market. Some of the slogans include, “Sele pay, sele pay, after today no more,” “Ikpeazu said we must go o,” “Umuahia, this is your last chance, don’t miss this opportunity,” among others.