The Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mr Mohammed Adamu, has called on the women component of Nigeria Police Force to sustain the successes it had recorded over the years.  Adamu made the call on Wednesday in Abuja at the opening of the 2019 Nigeria Police Force Women’s Conference. He said the force had over the years emplaced policies to respect gender sensitivity that resulted in the establishment of the Office of the Force Gender Advisor. According to him, the emplaced policies have also led to the establishment of the gender unit under the Force Intelligence Bureau. “I am extremely proud of the successes recorded by the women component of the Nigeria Police and wish to encourage you all to sustain the professional excellence. “This forum represents a strategic platform to interact, engage in professional peer review and address gender related issues that might be inhibiting the optimal performance of women police officers. “It is my expectation that you will utilise this opportunity to enhance your professional output and acquaint yourselves with the laid down rules and disciplinary processes as it affects women police officers,” he said. Adamu urged the participants to come up with a communiqué that would capture the outcome of the conference and advance sets of plans that would assist the police leadership. He said the sets of plans would assist the police management in advancing the interest of women officers. In her remark, the Commissioner of Police (CP) in Charge of Animal Branch, Dr Aishatu Abubakar, said the conference was apt in view of the challenges facing the Nigeria Police Force. Abubakar, the most senior woman in the force, said the conference would avail participants the opportunity to brainstorm on issues bothering on women police officers. She said the areas of focus in the deliberation would include discipline, corruption, responsibilities of women police officers, retirement plans, financial responsibilities, social media usage and mentoring. The commissioner said the outcome of the conference would enhance the performance of women officers and improve the overall image of the force.