Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State says public service plays critical role in galvanising the nation and its resources toward achieving development goals and objectives for the people.  Sanwo-olu made the remark at the 2019 pens down ceremony for 15 retired permanent secretaries at Alausa in Ikeja, Lagos on Thursday. The governor, who was represented by his Deputy, Dr Obafemi Hamzat, said that the technocrats, administrators and professionals in different fields of human endeavour played a key role in determining the ultimate success of government policies and programmes. “There is no gainsaying that the public service, as an institution, plays critical role in galvanising the nation and its resources toward achieving development goals and objectives. “On behalf of the government, the entire public service and the people of Lagos State, I appreciate each and every one of you being honoured today for your collective and individual efforts in stabilising the governance process. The governor also lauded the retired permanent secretaries for effective implementation of government policies and programmes that made “our state the most prosperous economy in Nigeria and certainly one to reckon with in Africa.’’ Sanwo-Olu also gave kudos to the retireed principal officers for their hard work, diligence, commitment and contributions to the evolution of the Lagos state public service, over the years. “As you take a dignified bow out of the institution you have committed most of your productive years, l believe you will be overwhelmed with fond memories of the good and sometimes challenging moments. He noted with delight that such moments had resulted in a rewarding and exciting experience that would continue to linger for a life time. “I have no doubt that you have had a fulfilling career as you have been privileged to attain the top echelon of the service as permanent secretaries. “As you bid the Lagos State Public Service farewell and commence a well deserved new life in retirement, I wish you all the best in your future endeavours. “I enjoin you to be prepared to serve the state whenever you are called upon,” he said. Earlier in his address of welcome, the Head of Service, Mr Muri Okunola, congratulated the retired permanent secretaries for their unblemished 35 years of meritorious public service career. “The government and the people of Lagos state have found you all worthy to be honoured in recognition of your exemplary service,” he said. He too commended retired permanent secretaries for outstanding contributions to the growth and development of public Service in the course of their public service career, commitment and loyalty. He implored the retirees, along with the many potential permanent secretaries and others to remain committed to the well tested values, ethos and traditions of honesty, probity and transparency. Okunola noted that integrity, hard work and service of excellence had characterised Lagos State Public Service, adding that those left behind should be committed to such value. “Let us together in our various ministries, departments and agencies be focused and align with every programme in the T.H.E.M.E.S Agenda of the present administration,” he said. It was reported that the retired permanent secretaries are: Mr Olanrewaju Rufai, Mrs Olabisi Onadipe, Mrs Adebimpe Dada, Mr Adebisi Kadri, Mr Anthony Adeyemi and Mr Adeola Hundeyin. Others area: Mrs Samiat Adeleye, Dr Olumuyiwa Oguntimehin, Mr Odeyemi Mohammed, Mrs Omotola Akinsanya, Mr Ajibade Bade-Adebowale, Mrs Adebusola Balogun, Mr Folahan Padonu, Mrs Adesola Odunlami and Dr Fausat Goncalves.