Gov. Udom Emmanuel of Akwa Ibom has urged the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) to continue to maintain the integrity and discipline that the corps was known for.  Emmanuel said this in his remarks at the inauguration of a new ultra-modern office complex of the FRSC, Akwa Ibom Sector Command, in Uyo on Monday. The governor said that the FRSC had, over the years, maintained a high-level of discipline and integrity, making the corps one of the most respected outfits in the country. He tasked the Corps Marshal of FRSC to ensure that the corps reached its peak under his watch. “The discipline, integrity and training that the Corps is known for should continue. The FRSC under your watch will reach the peak. “As you do your work this yuletide, God will protect our people from road crashes during this period.” The governor said that a good working environment for FRSC personnel would enhance productivity. Earlier in his address, the Corps Marshal, Dr Boboye Oyeyemi, had said that the inauguration of the new office complex was part of management strategy to ensure improved services to the public. Oyeyemi urged the people of Akwa Ibom to identify more with the Special Marshals arm of the corps so that they could have special marshals and Road Safety clubs across the state. He said that in the last four years, the corps had been able to carry out several reforms on its structure to optimally utilise organisational resources and achieve greater productivity. He said that the Corps’ Staff College was expected to commence academic activities in year 2020. The corps marshal said that as the Yuletide season was fast approaching, the corps had mapped out strategy to ensure zero tolerance to road crashes. “To ensure adequate security, a high level of collaboration is expected to play out among all the nation’s security outfits as we enter the yuletide. “Massive deployment of personnel for the end of year patrol is expected. This will consist of 26,000 regular marshals in addition to 15,000 special marshals,” he said. Oyeyemi also assured Nigerians that the corps visibility during the yuletide would be enhanced through the deployment of more than 700 patrol vehicles and state-of-the-art ambulances for rescue services at strategic locations. “This is expected to ensure a hitch-free end of year celebration for Nigerians,” oyeyemi said. He commended President Muhammadu Buhari for approving the funding of the office complex, saying that the good working environment would enhance the productivity of personnel.