A terrible blunder from Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea helped English Premier League (EPL) basement side Watford to a 2-0 victory on Sunday.  The win helped them to their first home win of the season and maiden victory under coach Nigel Pearson. The Spain goalkeeper, who had conceded a soft goal in last week’s 1-1 draw with Everton, allowed the weakest of shots from Ismaila Sarr through his hands in the 50th minute. The goal put Watford in front for the first time in a home game this season. Senegalese winger Sarr was then tripped by Manchester United’s usually reliable Aaron Wan-Bissaka. This earned the penalty kick from which Troy Deeney doubled Watford’s lead in the 54th minute, sending De Gea the wrong way and blasting into the net. Manchester United, who have failed to build on the momentum from back-to-back wins over Tottenham Hotspur and champions Manchester City earlier this month, produced yet another limp display. They failed to hit the target in the first half. Manchester United’s fifth EPL defeat of the season leaves them eighth on 25 points after 18 games, while Watford are still bottom but level on 12 points with 19th-placed Norwich City. Manchester United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer wrote off De Gea’s costly error as a rare error but was scathing about his side’s performance. “It was a mistake. It happens in football and it is what we train for every day to make sure they don’t happen again. “David has been very good lately. It is just one of those things that happen. “We started the game slow. The first half was very, very poor from both sides. It was too slow, like a testimonial. “You have to earn every point on the pitch and today we didn’t deserve that,” he told reporters. Jesse Lingard missed Manchester United’s best chance when he attempted to lob Watford goalkeeper Ben Foster after being through on goal, but he hit the roof of the net. Club record signing Paul Pogba made his first appearance since facing Arsenal on Sept. 30 by coming on in the second half. But he failed to lift his side, who barely managed to trouble Foster until a late siege which also proved ineffective. “We have to be better against these so-called lower opposition sides who have a deep block. “We were sloppy and gave the ball away numerous times. “We were not good enough and we have to improve. It is something we cannot put our finger on,” said Manchester United captain Harry Maguire.