The PR Measurement Moment in Nigeria, is an annual report that reflects the activities, engagement, education and growth that occur in the PR Measurement space in the Nigeria Market. The measurement and evaluation drive in the Nigeria space has been one that is rapidly evolving, and one of which P+ Measurement Services is at the forefront of pushing and educating its key sectors. To this end, the agency in the year 2019, embarked on a series of educational programs and events to sensitize key players in the various sectors on the acceptance and implementation of Measurement & Evaluation in a PR and Communications program. Below are the top remarkable measurement moments in Nigeria. Public Relations Measurement awareness in Nigeria grew from 54 percent in 2018 to 65 percent in 2019, with 45 percent usage of PR Measurement and Evaluation. That is, there was a significant & positive shift in the adoption of Measurement and Evaluation amongst various sectors. There was series of industry discourse on the essence of tackling Crisis Management with the right metrics and attitude which begins and ends with Measurement and Evaluation. It has already gained grounds on the international stage and gradually gaining ground in Nigeria. The M & E industry in Nigeria recorded a highly remarkable increase in the engagement of PR measurement consultants by brands and PR agencies, which can be attributed to the continuous education program through MATE+. A Measurement & Evaluation educational program initiated by the industry’s fast-growing and leading agency, P+ Measurement Services. P+ Measurement Services and the Lagos State Chapter of the Nigerian Institute of Public Relations entered into partnership as the agency became the Official Media Monitoring and Evaluation Agency for the Chapter. P+ Measurement Services was adjudged “Best Media Monitoring and Measurement Agency in Nigeria” at the 13th edition of the Nigeria Media Nite Out Awards. An award that celebrates excellence. Out of the burning desire to continually educate PR professionals and practitioners in various sectors in Nigeria, P+ Measurement Services engaged Heads of Communications and Directors at the NIPR Conference in Uyo and also at the Digital PR Summit in Lagos state on the importance of measurement and evaluation in business growth and also to justify the return on investment. In the relentless quest for excellence and innovation in improving the overall process, P+ Measurement Services launched Nigeria’s first Broadcast Advert Analytics Audit Report. This report helps brands interpret their TV and radio advert compliance reports. November 22, 2019, Nigeria’s leading Independent PR measurement and evaluation agency hosted the AMEC Measurement Month in Nigeria for the 4th time and which was also a first time live event bringing together renowned experts, and it was also recorded as part of the agency’s PR measurement education program. P+ Measurement Services continued the campaign on brand adopting Independent measurement and evaluation agencies in Nigeria and the need for PR agencies to stop marking their own homework, the reason being that media analysis conducted by any organization of its own work lacks independence and objectivity. ‘We intend to grow the awareness of good PR measurement in Nigeria and its application to 75% in 2020’ and also debunk the myth that Public relations cannot be measured,’ Philip Odiakose, Lead Consultant, P+ Measurement Services.