The Lagos State House of Assembly on Monday adopted a motion calling on Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu to direct the Commissioner for Works and Infrastructure to ensure quality supervision of road projects in the state.  The House also called on the governor to direct the State Treasury Office (STO) to ensure that contractors were not paid contractual money without meeting the necessary standard conditions. The adoption followed the motion moved by Mr Abiodun Tobun, Chairman, House Committee On Works and Infrastructure, at the plenary session. Tobun, representing Epe Constituency I, explained that the motion was necessary because there was need to ensure quality of roads in the state. The lawmaker said that in spite of the quantum of the tax payers money being spent on road construction, most of the roads in the state were in bad conditions. Tobun said this was either because they were done in a shoddy manner or not done at all, adding that the money released for the projects were not properly spent. “The House is further concerned that after most of the roads were repaired, heavy duty vehicles were plying the road without regard for the damage done to the roads. “We should urge Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu to ensure that contractors are not paid mobilisation fee unless they are ready for the work. “The Commissioner for Works and Infrastructure should also ensure that only contractors with requisite experience are giving the job to do,” he said. Contributing, Mr Bisi Yusuf, representing Alimosho Constituency I, said that there must be quality and value for money on the roads being constructed in the state. Yusuf cited an example of Kudirat Abiola Road in Oregun, Ikeja, which he said was inaugurated 14 years ago and was still in good condition. In his view, Mr Rotimi Olowo, representing Shomolu Constituency 1, said many of the contractors that do not love the state bolted after collecting mobilisation fee. Also, Mr Olayiwola Olawale, representing Mushin Constituency II, urged the House to pay attention to the issue of blocked drains. “Some of the potholes on our highways are due to the carelessness of our people. “Incessant dropping of wastes on our roads blocked the drains. “The contractors should be made to sign agreements that they would be brought to book over any road that fails. “The neighbourhood watch should call our attention to any vehicle that spoils the road so that we can sanction the owners,” he said. The Speaker of the House, Mr Mudashiru Obasa, observed that there were three major items on the motion. Obasa said the motion made it clear that the government agency in-charge of road construction should be alive to their responsibilities, while the contractors too should do their jobs.