Sen. Solomon Adeola (APC-Lagos West) has called on Nigerians to vote for President Muhammadu Buhari in the February 16 election.  Adeola made the call on Sunday in Lagos at a ceremony to turban him as the Sarkin Tafidan Hausawa of Lagos State by the Arewa community in the state. Our correspndent reports that Adeola was also endorsed for re-election at the ceremony, presided over by Alhaji Kabiru Garba, Chairman, Arewa Traditional Council in the state. Adeola said the Buhari administration had done a lot to reposition the country and put her on the path of development in the last three and a half years. The senator said Nigerians could trust Buhari to take the country to the next level if re-elected, as he was a committed leader and a man of proven integrity. Adeola urged Nigerians to reject the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP)and its presidential candidate, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar in the election as they had nothing to offer. The senator pointed out that the PDP had the opportunity to fix the country when it was in power for 16years, but that the opposition party bungled the opportunity with inept leadership. Adeola said electing Buhari and all the APC candidates for the various political positions would translate to progress for the nation. “President Muhammadu Buhari is a man we can trust to take the country to the next level.He has done a lot to move the country forward in the last three and a half years. “The president will deliver more progress if re-elected. The PDP failed us for 16 years that they were in power. They can’t deceive us with the slogan of getting the country working again. “Nigerians should reject PDP and Atiku in the election. Buhari and APC remains our best bet for continued progress,” he said. He thanked the Arewa community for the title conferred on him and for endorsing him for re-election to represent the Lagos West Senatorial zone. The senator said he understood the title of “Sarkin Tafidan” meant “The Chief Warrior” and promised that he would work for the cause of the Arewa community and other people of the constituency. He described the Hausa community as a critical part of the state and the West Senatorial zone, saying he would always capture them in his programmes in the constituency. “I will live up to the title of a war leader that you bestowed on me for the cause of Arewa and the good people of the constituency,” he said. Earlier, Garba, who is also the Leader of the Arewa community in the state said the turbaning and endorsement of Adeola was in recognition of his service to the people. He said the Arewa community had monitored the senator’s delivery of service as a representative and that they found him worthy of honour and endorsement. “We are aware of your record of service in Lagos State that led to your elevation to the National Assembly. “We want you to continue as senator and we have now incorporated you into the royal family of Arewa community in the state through this turbaning,” he said. Garba urged members of the community to vote Buhari,the APC governorship candidate in the state, Mr Babajide Sanwo-olu, Adeola and other candidates of the ruling party.