The management of the University of Ilorin, has explained why it suspended the monthly payment of Field Trip and Responsibility Allowances to its staff.  The university said the action was in response to the directive of the Accountant-General of the Federation. A statement signed by Mr Kunle Akogun, Director, Corporate Affairs of the university, noted that thehe institution’s council had commenced consideration of what could be done to cushion the effects of the suspension. Akogun said the university found itself in a tight corner to either please the workforce or obey the legitimate directive of the constituted authority over the suspension. “It is important to remind the university’s workforce of the commitment of the present administration to their welfare. “This has been demonstrated in so many ways since this administration took over. “This includes payment of backlog of cooperative deductions, unpreceedented massive staff promotion, payment of inherited pension over-deduction, staff development, and other stimulating interventions,” he said. According to him, the rule does not foreclose the payment of those allowances and other peculiar ones from the institution’s Internally Generated Revenue (IGR). Akogun, however,  stated that the problem was that the IGR of the university at present was insufficient. “The management has, therefore, decided to redouble its concerted efforts at accentuating the revenue generating capacity of the university to quickly meet the increasing demands. “The management is also assuring all the university stakeholders of its resolve to always do the needful but within the ambit of the law to swiftly cushion the effects of the suspension one way or the other,” he said. The Director of Corporate Affairs, therefore, advised staff and the varsity unions to look forward to the measures the management promised. “All stakeholders must not do anything that will smear the good image of the University as the nation’s most peaceful institution of higher learning,” he said.