As Nigerians prepare for the Feb. 16, and March 2, general elections, the Federal Government on Monday, warned against any form of threat to internal security, before, during and after the polls.  The Minister of Interior, Lt.-Gen. Abdulrahman Dambazau (Rtd) issued the warning in Abuja, in a statement signed by Mr Mohammed Manga, the ministry’s Director of Press & Public Relations. Dambazau said that President Muhammadu Buhari, was committed to ensuring free, fair and credible elections; and that “in order to achieve this commitment, elections must be peaceful. “Therefore, government will leave no stone un-turned in its efforts towards free, fair and credible elections. “The Nigeria Police Force, Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps and other security agencies have been directed to arrest and prosecute anyone threatening internal security either in form of possession of weapons of any type. “Interfering or causing election related disturbances, threats of violence and intimidation during the elections, disturbance of peace or involvement in political thuggery, will be decisively dealt with in accordance with the laws,” Dambazau said. He advised parents to ensure that their children were not used by desperate politicians to disrupt the electoral process, as security agencies had been mandated to guard against any form of internal security threats before, during and after the elections. The minister said similarly, “anyone found to be involved in sponsoring political thuggery, violence or threat to internal security will face the wrath of the law”. He said that Nigerians had the right to belong to any political party and vote candidates of their choice; adding that; “as such, politicians must give them the opportunity to do so”. According to Dambazau, government has put in place adequate security architecture to neutralise all forms of security threats that may occur before, during and after the elections. While praying for God’s guidance and protection during the polls, the minister wished all Nigerians peaceful elections.