Mr Boss Mustapha, the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), has urged Nigerians not to entertain fear or be distracted but to exercise their God-given civic rights by voting.  Mustapha made the call at the 1st Quarterly Prayer Meeting organised by the 19 northern states of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) with the theme: “Toward A Peaceful and Successful Violence-Free 2019 Election” on Tuesday in Abuja. The SGF urged Nigerians not to be scared by the forthcoming elections but to go out and exercise their rights as citizens. “Nigeria is a nation of hopeful people, and we all need to come together and make it work.’’ He said that Federal Government would not want violence to take place during the elections as any eruption of trouble in whatever magnitude would endanger the wellbeing of the nation. Mustapha said that peaceful elections were important to the socio-economic development of the country. “We must protect this country; God brought us here to ensure election perfection and every stakeholders at local, state and federal level must mobilise themselves to ensure successful elections.’’ Earlier, the Chairman, CAN, Northern Region, Rev. Yakubu Pam, urged Nigerians not just to only pray but to also participate by going to cast their votes so that the purpose of God would be fulfilled. Pam said the the Bible commanded Christians to pray for those in leadership and to pray for those vying for leadership positions. “Godly leaders can help slow the erosion of religious liberties in our land, providing an increasingly window of opportunity for the church to pray and evangelise. “The selection of leaders who understand and lead according to God’s righteous standards can bring great blessings to a nation,” he said. The cleric urged Nigerians to pray to God for guidance for the leaders as lack of guidance would cause a nation to fall. He urged Nigerians, irrespective of religion and ethnicity to show love to one another and be their brother’s keeper, adding that they should should play by the rules. Pam urged people in the North to embrace one another and eschew any act capable of causing religious disharmony in the country. “We must focus on what would further strengthen cordial and peaceful relationship in the country,’’ he said.