The Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN), has launched a N30 million endowment fund for the purchase of land, building of classes and Hostels for its Miyetti Allah Academy.  The academy, according to MACBAN Chairman in Nasarawa State, Alhaji Muhammadu Hussaini, is located at Sabon-Gida in Kokona Local Government of the state. “The Fulani people used to be synonymous with cattle rearing and farming. We have been so preoccupied with the two ventures that we forgot education, which is very important,” Husainin told our reporter at the launch held at Sabon-Gida on Sunday. He said that the lack of education was responsible for the incessant clashes with farmers, hence the need to establish schools for the upcoming generation. “We started the project sometime ago, but we have not achieved much because of lack resources to continue. We want government to support us to complete the school,” he said. Hussaini said that the school became necessary because most of the Fulani children were not enrolled into schools. “Our children do not attend school; that situation has made us unhappy. “Most of our children have resorted to street begging which has led to high level of indiscipline, especially in the towns. “If they can get more education, they will have a better future,” he said. He particularly regretted that most of the youths were into drugs because of illiteracy, saying that the school would minimise indolence and stem the tide of criminality. Also speaking, National Coordinator/Secretary General of the Academy, Mr Retson Tedheke, said that the living standard of the Fulani people would be improved if they were educated. “We can no longer tell our children not to go to school because the future of the Fulani community lies in how well the younger ones are educated. “President Muhammadu Buhari is an example of what a Fulani-speaking man can become if he gets the right education. “Fulani people are intelligent and industrious. A Fulani man can be placed in charge of billions of Naira but will never steal from it. It shows that they are very honest people with good character. “All the young Fulani man needs is education. This is what we want to achieve with this project,” he said.