Gov. Abiola Ajimobi of Oyo State has urged Nigerian youths to embrace ethical values and quality vision while aspiring to attain leadership positions.  He gave the advice on Thursday during an interactive session with the Coalition of Oyo State Youths and Students. Our correspondent reports that the interactive session was organised by APC Youths and Student Leaders. The event was targeted at bridging the gap between the teeming youths, the students and the government to chart a way forward toward uplifting their mental and academic development as aspiring leaders. Ajimobi urged the youth to always exhibit the traits of leadership which bordered most on selfless service to humanity. “Leadership position is demanding and could only be occupied successfully by those with enduring vision, goal-getters and undaunting disposition to power. “A leader must envision and have courage to implement his or her mission. You must always seek knowledge while aspiring to occupy leadership positions. “People always say the youth are the leaders of tomorrow. I do not agree with that. “I believe the leaders of today and tomorrow must be the youths that exhibit the traits of leadership. “If you get to the position of leadership eventually, think and behave like a good citizen. Life is about value addition and exchange of ideas for intellectual development,’’ he said. The governor said that those who ruled the world today were not those with power but those with knowledge to change the world; challenging them to embrace the Yoruba value system. He recalled his encounter with some students in 2017, saying it was another eye opener for those aspiring to lead others. According to him, the students were my sons and daughters; if I was angry that day and I agreed to forgive them, then you all should learn to forgive and let go. “Tough decisions are hard to take but a good leader must be resolute to take the decision for the overall benefit of all,’’ the governor said. Ajimobi told the youth that his aspiration to represent Oyo South Senatorial District was as a result of demand by the people. He said that the people urged him not to be selfish with his quality leadership acumen, experience and political network toward galvanising more development to the state. The governor said that he hinged his choice of Adebayo Adelabu as his successor on his youthfulness, qualification and leadership traits he had exhibited, assuring them of his capability to deliver. Ajimobi promised that his administration would hold a meeting with lecturers of higher institutions owned by the state to find an amicable solution to their demands. Earlier, the students had demanded a reduction in the tuition of state-owned higher institutions of learning and payment of bursary award to indigenes of the state in various tertiary institutions across the country. They also demanded a solution to the protracted labour crisis involving lecturers in the state higher institutions.