Samsung Electronics West Africa says it is leveraging a decade of industry leadership to usher in a new era of smartphone technology.  Mr David Suh, the company Managing Director, made the assertion at the launch of the new line of premium smartphones, Galaxy S10 line, on Thursday night in Lagos. Suh said that the new product, Galaxy S10 line, with three unique devices, was engineered to meet the distinct needs of today’s smartphone market. According to him, celebrating a decade since the launch of the first Galaxy S, Samsung has introduced a new line of premium smartphones: Galaxy S10 with three unique devices. He said that the Galaxy S10 line was engineered to meet the distinct needs of today’s smartphone market, to enable consumers to do more of what they love. Suh said that each device delivers a next-generation experience in the categories which consumers care about most, that is, ground-breaking innovations in display, camera and performance. ”As testament to a decade of innovations, Galaxy S10 is designed for those who want a premium smartphone with powerful performance and sets the stage for the next generation of mobile experiences. ”For consumers looking for a supercharged device, Galaxy S10+ takes every spec- from display, to camera, to performance- to the next level. “Galaxy S10e is built for those who want all the premium essentials in a compact package on a flat screen. “Since its launch 10 years ago, the Galaxy S series has stood for premium innovation- offering consumers an incredible experience, and the ability to find the device that’s right for them. “Galaxy S10 builds on that incredible legacy, and delivers breakthrough display, camera, and performance innovations. ”With three premium devices, each built for a unique consumer in mind,” Suh said. He said that Galaxy S10, Galaxy S10+ and Galaxy S10e would be available in Prism White, Prism Black and Prism Green. Galaxy S10+ and also available in Ceramic White for customers in Nigeria. ”As testament to a decade of innovations, Galaxy S10 is designed for those who want a premium smartphone with powerful performance and sets the stage for the next generation of mobile experiences. ”For consumers looking for a supercharged device, Galaxy S10+ takes every spec – from display, to camera, to performance – to the next level. Galaxy S10e is built for those who want all the premium essentials in a compact package on a flat screen. “Since its launch 10 years ago, the Galaxy S series has stood for premium innovation – offering consumers an incredible experience, and the ability to find the device that’s right for them. “Galaxy S10 builds on that incredible legacy, and delivers breakthrough display, camera, and performance innovations. ”With three premium devices, each built for a unique consumer in mind,” Suh said.