Mrs Esther Ikupolati, the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) Coordinator in Kwara, says the welfare and security of corps members deployed to the state are her main priorities.  Ikupolati told our correspondent on Monday in Ilorin that employers of corps members must also accord high priority to the welfare of corps members posted to their offices for  primary assignments. “I will not hesitate to redeploy any corps member from any office or establishment that handles the welfare of my corps members with levity. “These young Nigerians are on national assignment to Kwara, hence their welfare should be the concern of everybody,” Ikupolati said. She called on the state government to consider payment of state allowance to the corps members to serve as motivation for them as majority of the corps members were being deployed to government establishments and public schools in the state. Ikupolati also expressed concern over the porous nature of the orientation camp, adding that the situation poses serious security threat to the camp. She reiterated her appeal to both the Federal and state governments to construct a perimeter fence round the Orientation Camp to secure the lives of corps members and camp officials during orientation. The coordinator said the porous nature of the orientation camp made it vulnerable to thieves and vandals especially in the night. She recalled that thieves broke into hostels in the camp a few days to the commencement of the Batch ‘A’ orientation course, carting away mattresses and beds. Ikupolati explained that having perimeter fence round the camp would secure the camp against intruders. “I want to appeal to the Federal Government to please construct a perimeter fence round the orientation camp to make it secure. “If the Federal Government is determined to give Kwara orientation camp a fence, I know it can do it. “The Command and Staff College in Jaji is bigger than this place and it was fenced within three months; this is why I said the Federal Government can do it. “I am not talking of doing it in stages; they can do it at once. I want them to partner with the state government by providing funds to the state government to do it,” Ikupolati said.