Ikeja Electric Plc (IE) has commenced the roll out of meters for customers
in the Shomolu Business Unit under the Meter Asset Provider scheme.
The Disco, which has just completed the installation of meters for all
residents of Unilag Estate in Isheri, announced that it has also commenced
metering of Magodo residents and will extend the service across the
Business Unit in the next few weeks. This exercise is part of the company efforts to bridge the metering gap
under its network. It is also in line with the directive of the Nigerian
Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC).
Acting Chief Commercial Officer Ikeja Electric, Ugochukwu Obi-Chukwu,
explained that Ikeja Electric is deploying meters in phases, starting with
Shomolu, Ikorodu and Abule-Egba Business Units. The second phase will
include Akowonjo, Ikeja and Oshodi Business Units. “We have commenced metering in University of Lagos Estate, Magodo and
some other areas as a pilot scheme. It is the unique demography of these
areas that has made the survey of customers very easy” he said.
According to him, unmetered customers can register through
map.ikejaelectric.com using their Ikeja Electric’s account number on the
bill to update their KYC (Know Your Customer) details after which a
survey will be carried out to determine the type of meter that will be suitable
for their premises. He also explained that customers will be advised to pay based on the
survey and the meter will be installed within ten days after payment. Obi-Chukwu also cautioned against meter bypass stating that offenders will
be prosecuted if they are caught. “The company has put measures in place
to ensure that the meters are not by-passed and there are monitoring team
patrolling on daily basis to check the meters. Whoever is caught to have
by-passed will face sanctions accordingly” he said. “Offenders will be made to pay fine of Fifty thousand Naira (N50,000) if it’s
single phase meter and One Hundred Thousand Naira (N100,000) for by-
passing three phase meter. Also such customer will be charged for loss of
revenue by billing the customer backward, as determined by Ikeja Electric.
The fine depends on the nature and level of the by-pass” Obi-Chukwu
pointed out. He, therefore, warned all customers against energy theft and any form of
illegal connection, advising them to go to the nearest Ikeja Electric’s office
to make complaints or send mail to customecare@ikejaelectric.com or call
IE Customer Care help lines 01-4883900, 01-7000250, 07000225543.