Total Exploration and Production says it has achieved No-Routine-Gas-Flaring on its Egina Floating Production Storage and Offloading (FPSO)  operations, following commissioning of Gas Compression System on the Egina field.  Mr Charles Ebereonwu, the Country Communications Manager of Total, made this known in a statement issued on Saturday in Lagos. Ebereonwu said the associated gas from the field was now being compressed, transported via the Akpo/Amenam gas export line and monetised through the Nigeria LNG. He said that Total had again honoured its commitment to the rule of law of its host country by fully abiding by Nigerian Government Gazetted Flare Gas Regulations of 2018. “This landmark achievement, a first of its kind in Nigeria, further drives home Total’s ambition to be the responsible energy major by actively reducing our CO2 emission footprints in all our activities,” the statement quoted the Senior Vice President Africa, Nicolas Terraz, saying. “The Egina Field is part of Total’s Oil Mining Lease (OML) 130, some 150 kilometres south of the Niger Delta region of Nigeria. “First Oil from the field was achieved in December 29, 2018, and the field is currently producing over 200,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day (boe/d). “The flare-out milestone will allow for sustainability of peak production of 200,000 boe/d over an estimated period of 4 years, with monetisation of about 124 million cubic feet of gas per day,” he said. He said the execution of the Egina project also involved significant local content contribution in Nigeria, including the construction of the First FPSO Integration Quay in Africa. He added that fabrication and installation of six FPSO topside Modules, fabrication of the largest subsea production manifold in-country, local fabrication of the first buoy hull for turret system, in-country assembly of the first Integration Control and Safety System for an FPSO and fabrication of more than 60,000 tons of equipment in-country. “All these achieved with the first Nigerian based FPSO Project Management Team, with over, 46 million direct man-hours performed in-country and over 569,000 man-hours of Human Capacity Development training across all Egina Engineering, Construction and Procurement contracts,” he added. Total is the operator of the OML 130 field with a 24 per cent interest in partnership with CNOOC, SAPETRO, Petrobras and the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation as concessionaire.