An expert in food and nutrition, Olusola Malomo, has pointed out that orange fruit juice contains essential nutrients needed to keep vital body organs healthy, noting that it is not linked to any health hazards. Malomo said this in the July edition of his monthly healthy living dialogue, an initiative supported by Chivita as part of its ‘no-added sugar’ campaign. The renowned dietitian said pure orange juice contains some of the richest nutrients the heart and other parts of the body need to perform optimally. Indeed, what many people know about orange juice nutritional value is “is a tip of its overall dietary worth”, he opined. According to him, researchers have proved that 100% orange juice “facilitates free cholesterol transfer to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol”, a process that maintains a healthy heart. “There is also a substantial evidence from observational studies that the consumption of orange fruit juice has a protective effect against the risk of hypertension and other major heart diseases, with randomized controlled trials showing an inverse relationship between 100% fruit juice and hypertension. This is because 100% red-orange is high in lycopene that is proven to statistically reduce blood pressure and insulin resistance,” he continued. Quoting recent research findings, he categorized the gains of consuming orange juice into five broad headings which he listed as: more than just a bag of natural sugar; right amount a day keeps obesity away and ally for a healthy heart. Others are: reduces high blood pressure/insulin resistance and improves the body’s glycaemic control. Malomo, who is decorated as one of the best dietitians in Lagos State, dismissed the claim that orange juice is just “a pack of natural sugar”. He argued that “it comes along with a variety of vitamins and minerals like vitamin C and potassium” known to moderate blood pressure while enhancing the wellbeing of the human system. “Intake of orange juice is an important component of the overall health goal, looking at the food pyramid with respect to dietary guidelines, orange fruit, like every other fruit, counts as part of five portions a day. Juicing of these fruits has remained a convenient way to help meet the recommended daily servings,” he states. According to him: “Studies have also shown that the consumption of orange juice is not associated with adverse health effects often linked with the consumption of junks. Instead, it detoxifies the body and enhances its ability to fight health-related challenges. While this is not dietary advice, it puts recent knowledge on the table… “Science shows that 100% orange juice may facilitate free cholesterol transfer to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, thereby maintaining a healthy heart.100% fruit juice is considered a nutrient-dense beverage, a pack of Chivita 100% Fruit Juice, to mention a notable brand with shelf integrity in the Nigeria market is a reliable source. “Also, there is substantial evidence from observational studies that the consumption of orange fruit juice has a protective effect against the risk of hypertension and other major heart diseases, with randomized controlled trials showing an inverse relationship between 100% fruit juice and hypertension. This is because 100% red-orange is high in lycopene that is proven to statistically reduce blood pressure and insulin resistance.” The healthy living dialogue is part of Chivita’s ‘no-added sugar’, a campaign that seeks to engage the public on the nutritional value of 100% fruit juice.