Ogun State may soon be exporting milk to China once the current arrangement between the Irish Diary Milk and the State Government becomes operational.  This was hinted at when the Management of the Global Diary producers visited Governor Dapo Abiodun on Wednesday in Abeokuta. In a press statement made  available to NEWSVERGE by Chief Press Secretary to the governor, Mr Kunle Somorin, Governor Abiodun intimated the company senior executives that plans are on by his administration to have a world class ranch that would be created through the Public Private Partnership.  Irish Dairy Milk came to explore and discuss how best they could set up their manufacturing plant in the state. The Governor expressed gladness on the opportunity the agricultural sector brings to the State, adding that agriculture being one of the biggest pillars of his administration, could help boost the Internally Generated Revenue and also help reduce the rate of employment in the State. Governor Abiodun said his  administration would establish an investment promotion agency to drive the public private partnership agenda, saying that attention was also being paid to livestock, adding that the proximity of Ogun state to other states could help to make it the food basket of the nation. “We are very excited by the opportunity that the agricultural sector presents, the agricultural sector is one of our biggest pillars,  because not only do we believe that through agriculture we can employ our youths, we can guarantee food security, we can also generate revenue. ” At this point in time in this country, their is a lot of discuss on cattle rearing, cattle ranching, for us in Ogun state , beside the fact that we are looking at agric as a sector, we are looking at livestock as well, we believe that our proximity to other states gives us the advantage of being able to feed them, so we are actually looking at how to set up our own ranches to be owned by the Public Private Partnership (PPP),” he said. Abiodun however opined that he would be glad if the state could actualize its dream of having a cattle ranch that would aid it to continue to serve as market for Lagos state.
“Noting will delight us in these state than to have our ranches, because even the cattle market that Lagos depends on is right here in our state and we have being discussing in the last one week how to ensure that we actually have a proper ranch, properly organized ranch and an abatior that will be world class, ” he said. The governor while appreciating the gesture of the company to set up their manufacturing plant in the state, assured them that the state was ready and  prepared to join hands with them, adding that his administration would be more than happy to give them whatever support that would be require. In his remarks, the Chief Executive Officer, Irish Diary Milk, Global, Samir Boudjada who noted that they choose the state because of its proximity to Lagos state, added that the state  was strategically relevant and had passed all tests. “This is the ultimate state for us, the feedback is really positive and we are looking forward to being part of this private partnership and creating jobs in Nigeria. ” This is the gateway state close to Lagos and you know when you are sighting a factory, you need certain parameters, we need a seaport that we can export out our goods,so, Ogun state is strategically relevant to the business of this nature and we did not mistake, Ogun State has passed all the tests”, he said.