Ogun House of Assembly has approved the request of Gov. Dapo Abiodun to appoint two Senior Special Advisers and 20 Special Advisers.  The Speaker, Olakunle Oluomo, had read Gov. Abiodun’s correspondence dated July 2, 2019 before the lawmakers at a plenary session. The approval was given after a motion moved by the House Majority Leader, Yusuf Sheriff, seconded by Bolanle Ajayi and supported by the whole House through a voice vote. The governor, in the letter, said the advisers were to oversee the affairs of the state pending the appointment of Commissioners for various Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs). “I write to seek the approval of the Honourable House for the appointment of two Senior Advisers and 20 Special Advisers,’’ the letter read in part. It stated that the appointment “is to sustain and intensify the momentum for the new administration, pending the appointment of Commissioners for various Ministries. Meanwhile, the Assembly had constituted 23 Standing Committees following the passage of a motion moved by Soneye Kayode, representing Obafemi Owode State Constituency, and seconded by his Ijebu East counterpart, Adams Isaac and supported by all members through a voice vote. The Deputy Speaker, Oludare Kadiri, read the report of the Selection Committee earlier constituted by the speaker the previous week. The Committees, according to the report are: Works and Infrastructure with Fasuwa Abiodun as its Chairman; Committee on Transportation to be led by Elemide Oludaisi and Finance and Appropriation headed by Sobukanla Olakunle. Others include: Health Committee headed by Adegoke Adeyanju; Education, Science and Technology by Adeyemi Ademuyiwa and Sylvester Abiodun would be in charge of Agriculture and Forestry. Also, Akeem Balogun would head Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs; Ajibola Sikiratu- Women Affairs and Social Development; Committee on Environment- Wahab Haruna and Committee on Youth, Sports and Employment Generation by Isaac Adams. Other committees were: Kayode Soneye (Lands and Housing); Adejojo Yusuf (Information, Culture and Tourism); Kemi Oduwole (Committee on Commerce, Investments and Industries); Bashir Abdul (Oil, Gas, Energy, Water Resources and Rural Development); Adeniran Ademola (Special Duties Committee); Lamidi Musefiu (Public Accounts and Anti-Corruption); Bolanle Ajayi (House Services). Modupe Mujota (Committee on Establishments and Public Service Matters) Solomon Osho (Justice, Ethics and Public Petitions); and Yusuf Amosun (Cooperatives and Community Development). The speaker would serve as Chairman of the Selection and Fund Management Committees with the Majority Leader, Yusuf Sheriff being the head of Rules, Bills and Resolutions Committee.