The Ogun State Governor, Prince Dr. Dapo Abiodun has reiterated its government commitment in quick payment of workers’ salaries and deductions as and when due. He made the pledge at the 2019 International Day Of Cooperative Celebration, with the theme “Coops For Decent Work,” held at M.K.O. Abiola International Stadium, Kuto, Abeokuta. He said that workers in the state would not experience non remittance of deductions and pensions, as its government would do everything humanly possible to also pay workers’ salaries and other entitlement as and when due.
“Let me reiterate our irrevocable commitment to workers, that regular payments of salaries, remittance of pension to Pension Fund Administration (PFA), and other entitlement will occupy our burner of this administration, never again will you experience non remittance of deductions,” Abiodun said He said his administration would continue to support cooperative societies in the state, so as to become successful business enterprises which would be protected by enacted law and in tandem with best global practices.  He said cooperative societies has continued to be a valuable driven socio-ecomonic growth of any society, saying the choice of the theme for this year celebration have much impact to play in human life, as it was about people more centred in enterprises that characterised by human development and workplace. He emphasized that cooperative enterprise was a unique body member serving entity, which empower people to collectively realise economic aspirations through self-help and empowerment. He said statistics has shown and attest to it that 12 percent of humanity were part of the 3 million Cooperatives in the world, and the top 300 Cooperatives garner a turnover 2.1 trillions U.S dollars, according to world cooperative monitor in 2017. He added that cooperative societies employ 380 million people across the globe, representing 10 percent of the world employ population, noting that over 12 thousands registered cooperative societies were operating the state.
In the same vein, the President, Ogun State Cooperative Federation Limited (OGSCFED), Alhaji (Dr.), AbdulRasaaq Ola Balogun said this year’s edition marks the 25th United Nations International Day Of Cooperative, thereby showcasing the activities of the movement as an organisation that moves and sustains the social, economic and cultural development of the world. He said the theme for this year celebration encapsulated the immeasurable contributions of the Cooperative movement to preservation of employment and promotion of decent work in world economy, cooperative are people-oriented enterprise. While pledging unalloyed and unflinching support to the present administration, Ola Balogun implored the governor of brighter and rewarding future through prompt and regular remittance of deductions of workers’ salaries based cooperative affiliates to enable them perform expected responsibilities and obligations for members comfort and benefit of the government. In her welcome address, the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Community Development and Cooperatives, Mrs. Melutia Olufunke Ogunremi said the cooperative society was a business enterprise established on self-help basis, thus making the organisation to be member owned, member managed and member patronised. She said that about 12, 200 registered societies were in the state with the estimation of 7000 still functioning among them, noting that pooled financial resources was about three trillion naira, while the loan portfolio was well over 3.5 Trillion naira. She urged the state government to provide the Ministry with at least 2 project vehicles to facilitate the movement of special task force being put in place for the purpose of carrying out special investigations and auditing of Cooperatives in the state. The event was included the investiture of the governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun as Grand Patron, while first lady, Her Excellency, Mrs. Bamidele Abiodun as Grand Patroness of OSCOFED and dignitaries witnessed the event including, Deputy Governor, Engr. Noimot Salako-Oyedele, Speaker of the House, Rt, Hon. Olakunle Oluomo, Secretary to the State Government, Mr. Olatokunbo Joseph Talabi, Chief of staff, Alhaji, Shuaib Salisu, Head of service, Engr. Olanrewaju Bisiriyu among others.