The All Progressives Congress (APC) National Leader, Sen. Bola Tinubu, has commended the Supreme Court’s judgment on the Osun Guber Poll, saying it further vindicates the judiciary as unbiased, independent and impartial.  Tinubu gave the commendation in a statement entitled “Supreme Court Verdict on Osun: Testimony that Judiciary is on Course,” on Friday in Lagos. He said that the judgment which reaffirmed the victory of Gov. Gboyega Oyetola was a testimony that the judiciary was firmly on course and worked in synch with the peoples’ aspiration. According to him, in spite of the intimidation, unnecessary accusations and rumour-mongering, the apex court lived to its billing by dispensing justice without fear or favour. “The court did not rule based on any hearsay but acted on the basis of the merits and demerits of the case before it. “The Supreme Court and the Judiciary, therefore, deserve our commendation for it has further strengthened the democratic process. Tinubu also commended the Independent National Electoral Commission for discharging itself creditably on the Osun election. “On the issue of the Electoral Act, it is only the INEC, as the electoral body, that can apply the law appropriately with respect to elections. “This, the commission did rightly,’’ he said. Tinubu said that the verdict of the apex court laid to rest the tussle over the Osun governorship and removed all encumbrances on the path of the governor. “Now, governance can begin in full swing and the people of Osun can begin to reap the fruits of the government they voted to put in place. “I congratulate Gov. Oyetola for his steadfastness and for remaining calm while the electoral case lasted. “The All Progressives Congress must be commended for standing firmly behind the governor. I also commend the government and people of Osun in allowing the rule of law to run its entire course. “I urge them to continue to assist the security agencies in maintaining and sustaining the peace,’’ he said. Tinubu urged Gov. Oyetola to be magnanimous in victory by extending his hands of fellowship to the Peoples Democratic Party and continue to unite the people. “PDP and its candidate, Sen. Ademola Adeleke, have exercised and exhausted their rights as expected of them. I praise them for their doggedness. “It is now time to rally round and join hands with the government to move Osun to the Next Level,’’ Tinubu said.