Total Nigeria PLC has called on the Federal Government to ensure that enforcement of local content would drive economic growth for development in the country.  Mr Uche Okeke, General Manager, Nigeria Content Development, Total Exploration and Production Nigeria PLC, gave the advice during a panel discussion at the 2019 Nigerian Oil and Gas Conference and Exhibition in Abuja on Monday. The panel discussed the topic: “Nigeria content Implementation for sustained economic development.” He said that the country had done well with the establishment of the Nigerian Oil and Gas Industry Content Development (NOGICD) Act used in driving local content in the oil and gas sector. Okeke added that the Nigerian Content Development and Monitoring Board with international oil companies had done  a lot to boost local content adding that the value needed to be felt in the economy. “There is need for a lot of value to be added to boost the economy from the things we do across all the projects, training, investments, fabrication and also refurbishing,” he said. He said that there was need to focus on the future and think of how best to use the capacity developed in the industry to add value to the system. He said that the Egina project had been completed adding that the upcoming ones such as Bonga South West and Zabazaba must drive economic growth. “We need to make serious diversification in the things we do to stimulate economic growth. “A lot of credit goes to NCDMB because right now Nigeria exports skills and manpower to West African and Asian countries. “We need to focus on the communities and grassroots for economic development,”he said. Mr Taofik Adegbite, Chief Executive Officer, Marine Platform, said that local content drive in Nigeria must be sustained. This, he said, would help foreign companies to create avenues for locals to benefit from their investments in the host country. Also, Mr Kevin Joen, Managing Director, Samsung Heavy Industries, said that the organisation supported every drive for local content for economic development. He said that the company had trained 600 welders with international certification, adding that 100 students were under its graduate and postgraduate programme. According to him, local content should be enforced in other sectors to compliment what is happening in the oil and gas sector. This, he said would drive economic growth and development.