The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Ondo State Command, says it will clamp down on commercial motorcycle and tricycle operators without number plates and drivers license in the state.  The State Sector Commander of FRSC, Mr Rotimi Adeleye, said this at a one-day sensitisation for motorcycles and tricycles operators in the state. The programme was to sensitise them to the commencement of Aug. 1, enforcement on number plates and riders licence violations. Adeleye explained that the clamp down had become necessary to reduce the growing rate of crimes and crashes associated with motorcycles and tricycles in the country. The sector commander said that the enforcement would also help to improve upon the existing National Drivers and Vehicles Database. “The issue of drivers license is not a recent thing, it has been in existence and it is a way to ascertain the authenticity of the riders. “Having number plates and drivers license is to show that the commercial riders are certified to ride on highway,” he said. According to him, the reason we have a lot of crashes cause by commercial riders is because of lack of information and expertise. “What we are doing now is to sensitive and give public enlightenment because we still have one month window now. “However by Aug. 1, any Okada (commercial motorcycle) rider or tricycles without properly registered documents and anybody riding it without drivers license will be penalised,” he warned. Also speaking, Dr Doyin Adebowale, Senior Special Assistant to Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu on Special Duties and Strategies, said that the state government was ready to support and ensure full compliance in the state. Adebowale, who explained that most of the accidents caused by the commercial motorcycle were as a result of unprofessional driving, noted that most motorcyclists delved into the business due to situation they found themselves. “This will aid the issue of security in the state and the country as a whole and it will also help to identify those who are perpetrating crime in the name of commercial motorcycle riders. “In Ondo State we have started to enroll and capture commercial motorcycle riders’ names since 2018 and still ongoing so that we can know who and who is riding motorcycle as a business,” he said. Mr Bashiru Obanla, Coordinator of Motorcycle Riders in Akoko North East, appreciated the FRSC and state government for the sensitisation for them to see reason to obtain their drivers license. Obanla, therefore, promised that all commercial motorcyclists in the state would ensure compliance with the directives.