The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Cars45, Mr Etop Ikpe, on Tuesday said that to make car purchase more convenient for more Nigerians, the company was improving on making more platform available for car financing.  Ikpe made the assertion in an interview with our reporter at the unveiling of a new franchise with one of the major car dealer in Lagos, De Feon Automobiles. It was reported that Cars45 provides one of a kind platform for used cars in Nigeria, giving a private network of buyers the fastest way to find the perfect car that fits their buyers’ needs. Ikpe said that the company in order to make cars affordable for the average Nigerian, his company had designed platforms at which customers can pick up vehicle and access a loan to fund it. “It is important that we have few partners around us now which have made the journey towards having more people own their type of cars without much hassle simpler and affordable. “Now, it is not just providing cars for sale, but providing certain incentives for people to have access to fund and evaluation of the cars of their choice, especially used cars. “We now have a standard practice at which financiers are able to value our cars, knowing the condition of the cars before they are purchased; so this gives more transparent transactions. “So, what we are doing is to simplify and make more convenient for prospective buyers to access cars of their choice on our platform and at the same time, have a financier,” he said. Ikpe said that more Nigerians would be provided the opportunity to own cars with more franchise granted to more car dealers. “With a more verified platform, Cars45 is bringing into Nigeria market a simpler access to car ownership with minimal efforts. “In a few month, like one or two, we will offer more franchise to car dealers in Lagos about five of them coming on board, this is a big boost to the automobile industry. “In about a year or two we will also penetrate other parts of Nigeria,” he said. The Managing Director, De Feon Automobiles, Niyi Olukitibi, commended the initiative of the Cars45, adding that the new online platform for car sale was the best in the country. “This is the best online retail market for car sale in the country as at now because it is safer, cheaper and better. “It is good to have your cars through a verified network that reduces the activities of the middlemen which make cars unaffordable to the people. “It is a win win situation for all the stakeholders because the cars might come at a cheaper rate, then the seller and the buyers will have a trust of the car,” he said.