A UK-Nigerian research team on Monday called for development of social media codes to curb misuse of Whats App during elections in the country.  The researchers include -Dr Jonathan Fisher, University of Birmingham, Ms Idayat Hassan, Centre for Democracy and Development (CDD), Mr Jamie Hitchen, Independent Consultant and Prof. Nic Cheeseman, University of Birmingham. Fisher who is the leader of the team while presenting key findings of the report in Abuja said the UK-Nigerian research team examined the role of Whats-app in Nigeria’s 2019 elections. He said that the research leveraged on citizen surveys and interviews with political campaigns, and it underlined the ways in which Whats-app had promoted the spread of fake news around elections. He said that the call for social media codes of conduct especially for elections became imperative so as to put politicians and their members to check and make them responsible. He said that it is also to strengthen accountability and promote inclusion in other areas. “The report, Whats-app and Nigeria’s 2019 Elections: Mobilising the People, Protecting the Vote was necessitated by the fact that Whats-app is the most popular messaging app in 40 African countries. “This is due to its low cost, encrypted messages, and the ability to easily share messages with both individuals and groups. “The aim of the research project was to shed light on how the app is influencing Nigerian elections, particularly in light of concerns in Nigeria, and across the globe about social media usage and the spread of so-called “fake news” “The research consisted of 50 interviews with political activists, scholars and experts in Abuja, Oyo and Kano focusing in particular on governor races in Oyo and Kano,’’ he said. Fisher said that the report discovered four things from organisation of Whatsit groups to content, to network and impact of the platform. He said that for example by setting up multiple overlapping WhatsApp groups, organisations such as the Buhari New Media Centre (BNMC) and Atikulated Youth Force (AYF) garnered support for their candidates. “Our research shows that while Whats-app replicates existing political patron-client networks to some extent, it is also helping less traditional power-players to enter the political arena particularly tech-savvy youth,” he said. Ms Idayat Hassan, Director, CDD said that different types of content shared via Whats-app had varying impacts depending on what has been shared by, and how it was presented to the user. Hassan said that the format, style, source and the content of a piece of information shared or received on WhatsApp all had a critical impact on how far it reach, and how far it is believed. Mr Jamie Hitchen another researcher said that the interaction between information shared on WhatsApp and the offline context was a crucial part of the digital eco-system and challenges, claimed that the platform has revolutionised political campaigning. “Social media platforms are both a threat to democracy and a way to strengthen it. WhatsApp is being used to spread “fake news” on the one hand, and run fact-checking campaigns and election observation on the other. “The challenge is to reduce risks without undermining the way, social media can strengthen accountability and promote inclusion,” he said. He said that the research findings suggest both short and longer-term recommendations which include making it easier for individuals to leave WhatsApp groups and report disinformation. It also reinforces the ability of group administrators to set standards; target digital literacy training to social influencers and strengthen WhatsApp’s ability to understand the risk of misuse by opening an office in the African continent. The research also recommended that state and federal governments should invest more in digital literacy as part of national curriculum, while political campaigns should develop social media codes of conduct for future elections. “Online protection of data and civil liberties should also be enhanced in Nigeria, and beyond,’’ he said.