The Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN), has reaffirmed the safety of lives and goods through airport performance and improved service at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport (NAIA).  Mr Mahmud Sani, the NAIA Airport Manager, gave the assurance in Abuja on Tuesday during his speech delivered at the FAAN Management Task-force meeting. Sani said that FAAN over the years had intensified efforts to ensure that NAIA had quality and standardised equipment with which to accomplish any assigned tasked. According to him, FAAN is making such quick and effective efforts as aviation is a global business, that takes its business seriously, no matter the localisation of the airport. “Our staff are robust and cooperative; our customers service, our facilities provisions are in excellent stages meeting international standards. “We are proud to have our airport in good condition to this present position; we are committed to serving our customers better. “We are also assuring them of their safe and security,’’ Sani said. He explained that the  International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO), moderates the activities of airports to ensure they were in line with global best practices. Sani urged all aviation workers to exercise best practice at any position they found themselves. “There must be unambiguous expectations by each staff or level of management as well each stakeholder. “For all employees, safe life patterns and work habits are as normal on and off the job,’’ he said. In her key note address, Mrs Ebele Okoye,  FAAN’s General Manager Servicom, Murtala Muhammed Airport, Lagos, urged stakeholders to accept safety as a lifestyle. She urged the stakeholders to have positive attitude towards the job and co-workers. “Your employers value you so much. “They entrusted the job to you with expectation that you can do it well, that  you are committed to the work and the mission of your organisation to exercise good communication skills with high ethical standards. “Also, good people skills include showing respect to everyone at all times,  knowing fully well that obeying all rules and regulations in aviation is critical to the safety of the customer and you,’’ she said. According to her, aviation professionals, must be able to recognise and solve problems. “Your organisation wants someone who works well with others for the common good of the customers, and that egos should be dropped at the door,’’ she added.