The Federal Airport Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) says it is partnering Oyo State Government to uplift the standard of Ibadan Airport.  Capt. Rabiu Yadudu, the Managing Director of FAAN, made the promise in Ibadan on Wednesday when he and top management staff of FAAN paid a courtesy visit to Gov. Seyi Makinde of Oyo in his office. He urged the governor to assist the authority in resolving some of the challenges facing the organisation such as encroachment and insecurity, among others. According to him, the Ibadan Airport has been facing certain challenges over the years in the course of carrying out its work which needs intervention of the state governor. Yadudu said the management of FAAN had already written a letter to the governor on areas of assistance and pleaded with the governor to consider the request. He said that the resolution of the challenges would go a long way in enhancing the operation and service delivery of FAAN as well as empowering the airport economically and creating  opportunities for businesses to thrive. Yadudu told the governor that a Maintenance and Repair Organisation (MRO) for aircraft had shown interest to relocate from Lagos Airport to Ibadan Airport due to the challenges. He said the relocation of the company would boost the economy of the airport once the challenges facing the airport were resolved. Yadudu expressed appreciation to the people and government of Oyo for their support and patronage since the inception of the Airport 37 years ago. “Since this time, the management of FAAN has been working consistently to improve the quality and capacity in all aspect of our service quality delivery which include our personnel and our structures, equipment and procedures. “We will keep doing this toward achieving our mission and vision as professional airport operator,” Yadudu said. He assured the governor and other stakeholders of the commitment of FAAN to achieve and sustain its service delivery target. In his response, Governor Makinde stressed the importance of the Ibadan Airport to the economy of the state and promised to collaborate with FAAN to resolve the challenges. The governor said he had received a letter from the FAAN management on some challenges facing the airport and promised to act on the letter. “I have made some promises about the airport. I promised this year that intending pilgrims will fly from the Ibadan Airport directly to the Holy Land from next year and I count on FAAN to make this promise achievable. “We are also thinking of expanding the runway to make it easy for bigger aircraft to operate at the airport and I promise to partner with FAAN to make it happen. “If the runway can be expanded then, having cargo aircraft at the airport would be facilitated and the state government is ready to put its money to make things happen at the airport.’’