Plateau Peacocks female handball club of Jos on Thursday thrashed the Desert Queens of Katsina 50-20 at the ongoing 2019 Prudent Energy Handball Premier League in Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Plateau Peacocks led 21-13 by the game’s half-time. Eunice Ogbotobo, the coach of Desert Queens, later acknowledged that their opponents were more experienced than her players. “It was a good game, but they are more experienced and more mobile than us. We have only 16 players and this is our second game. “But we are going to take on Abia Valiants in our next game and I will advise my players to try more and do their best. “However, based on logistics we weren’t prepared for the competition. “We didn’t have time to train together, and we were not privileged to be in camp and train together. “We just trained in a small way because we didn’t have the support of the government. We had to start soliciting for money from one place to the other. “Also, considering that this is the Ramadan period some players were not available to us, but because we wanted to avoid being sanctioned we have to be here. “If not, we will be fined N500,000,’’ she said. On his part, Ferdinand Emanaa, the coach of Plateau Peacocks, said hard work, prayers and dedication were the secret to their victory. “I want to believe these days that sports is about speed and youthfulness. If you have a youthful team with good speed and technique, it will go the extra mile and the sky will be its limit. “However, we are looking forward to winning all our games like we did last year, and our players should know that we have a target, and they shouldn’t lose focus. “But they need to rest well and concentrate on their games because we are here to defend our title,’’ he said. Twelve male and 10 female teams are participating in this first phase of the second edition of Prudent Energy Handball Premier League, being organised by the Handball Federation of Nigeria (HFN). The competition is holding at the Velodrome of the Abuja National Stadium, and will hold daily till May 25. NetBet.ng, the Defenders Babes on Thursday in Abuja secured ther first win at the ongoing 2019 Prudent Energy Handball Premier League by beating Owena Queens of Akure 33-19. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that female handball team owned by the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) led 13-11 before both sides went for the break. But when the game restarted, the Defenders Babes went a gear up and extended their lead to win 33-19. The win was their first in the competition which entered Day 3 on Thursday, and they had on Tuesday drawn 21-21 with Kada Queens of Kaduna. They also lost 20-27 to the Plateau Peacocks of Jos on the league’s Day 2 on Wednesday. Speaking after Thursday’s game, Tomi Olatunde, the head coach of Owena Queens, said his players tried their best but it was unfortunate that they lost their game. “My players had a good match, but it was unfortunate the result went against them. “We will work on our lapses and correct our mistakes before our next match against the Plateau Peacocks on Friday,’’ he said. On his part, Sunday Ajana, the coach of Defenders Babes, said he was happy that his players won their game. “We will work hard to win our next game against Imo Grasshoppers of Owerri on Friday,’’ he said. Also, in another female competition match played at the same venue, Safety Babes which is owned by the Nigeria Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) beat Seasiders Babes of Lagos 40-23. Twelve male and 10 female teams are participating in this first phase of the second edition of Prudent Energy Handball Premier League, being organised by the Handball Federation of Nigeria (HFN). The competition is being hosted at the Velodrome of the Abuja National Stadium.