The Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Minister, Malam Muhammad Bello, on Monday lauded journalists covering the territory and information officers for giving him accurate reports in the course of their duties.  Bello made the disclosure in Abuja at the send-off lecture in honour of his immediate past Chief Press Secretary (CPS), Mr Cosmas Uzodinma. He urged journalists and information officers to always stay by the truth, be professional and follow ethics of their profession in disseminating information to the public. “I have a very good working relationship with them, and I am lucky the press has been really kind to me. “I thank, especially members of the FCT Press Corps, and I like to say that most of the times, I get the truth about issues from their stories. “Up there, sometimes it is lonely; and we want to be told the truth, and he (Uzodinma) did that while working with me. Everybody wants to be told the truth. “In life, it does not matter what career you have chosen, just make sure you always do the right thing. “Endeavour to do it well because there is destiny, which is there for everyone. The sky is your limit. We still have a long way to go,’’ he said. The minister advised Uzodinma’s children to follow their father’s footsteps, adding that, ‘‘You have a good role model in him, so you will not waiver.’’ Also speaking, Chairman, House of Representatives Committee on Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs), Sani Zoro, regarded journalists as intelligence officers of the country. “This is because they keep records of occurrences in the society and monitors the minds and interests of the people. “Hence, the imperative for them to do the right thing at all times even as he tasked them on discipline,’’ he said. Zoro also called on journalists to take interest in informing the public about the huge efforts that go into delivery of service and amenities to the public. He tasked newsmen to constantly impress it on the public to observe law and order, and obey traffic rules and regulations. In his speech, Cosmas Uzodinma said that he was delighted to meet and work with the minister, describing him as an effective anti-corruption fighter and a silent achiever. “I am glad I met a man of such calibre at the end of my career. He is very open to other faiths (he is not a fanatic). “We have destroyed so many things in our beloved country because of selfish interests,’’ he said. He therefore advised Nigerians to prefer leaders who are ready to follow the rules and due process. Uzodinma retired recently as a Deputy Director, Information and Communications, FCTA and Chief Press Secretary to FCT Minister.