Zacheaus Somorin Mouka Limited, Nigeria’s foremost manufacturer of foam and mattresses is felicitating with Nigerian children ahead of the Children’s Day celebration. Mouka believes that the occasion is a reminder that the rights of the child must be upheld in totality at all times and has therefore pledged its resolve to uphold the recognition that mankind owes to the child the best that it has to give, a premise upon which the adopted United Nations Declaration of the Rights of the Child was based. Considering this, the management of Mouka aligns its belief with the UN Declaration of Rights of the Child; that the child must be given the means requisite for normal development, both materially and spiritually. As part of activities to celebrate the 2019 Children’s Day, Mouka is co-sponsoring a Children’s Day event, Future Leaders Fiesta organised by Ourkraft Ventures, a leading event and activation company. This year’s event which is themed “Happier Children in a Greater Lagos” is scheduled to run from Friday, May 24 to Monday, May 27 at the Ndubuisi Kanu Park in Alausa, Ikeja. Also in line with ensuring the welfare of the child as it concerns quality sleep, Mouka also commits itself to the continued production of the Dreamtime mattress which is specially designed with children in mind. The Dreamtime mattress is made with a special fabric that is water resistant which prevents water from soaking the foam. Sleeping on mackintosh often makes a child uncomfortable due to the texture and heat produced during sleep. Dreamtime on the other hand is covered with a soft and breathable fabric which keeps the body cool at night. This is Mouka’s way of supporting children by ensuring that their health and academic performance are not jeopardised due to lack of quality sleep which is at the root of many diseases and ailments. In the spirit of Children’s Day Celebration, Mouka enjoins families and governments alike to prioritise the welfare of the child in personal and national planning. Mouka, Adding comfort to lives of Nigerian Children!