Senate President Bukola Saraki on Friday described late Oba Folagbade Olateru-Olagbegi, the Olowo of Owo, as an epitome of a great man who brought stability and peace to Owo town in Ondo State.  The late Olowo joined his ancestors on April 17, at the age of 77. Saraki made thecommendation in Owo during the interdenominational service in honor of the late Olowo. He said the monarch brought a lot of pride to his family and the entire country, as a great monarch during his reign. “It is indeed a great loss to us. This is the time we will miss him the most. He was the first traditional ruler to show support and solidarity with words of encouragement, when I became the senate president. “His impact in the life of many people in education and law, was monumental. He left a great legacy and would be remembered all over the country. May God continue to bless his family,” he said. Earlier, Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State, also described the Oba as a great king, who commanded respect of all. He said the traditional ruler was an international figure, who was good to everyone. “We have lost a great monarch in Owo, somebody we are proud of. We will all miss him, but thank God for his life,” he said. Akeredolu also lauded the wife of the late monarch for being by his side through period of his sickness. “You are a wife in a million, and we will never forget you. I saw the way you tried to get him well, you tried your best. You are a repository of knowledge and Owo is grateful to you,” he said. In his sermon entitled ‘Death is inevitable’, Pastor Joseph Obayemi, National Overseer, Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), extolled the legacy of late Olowo, saying Olowo lived a fulfilled life. According to him, the late monarch served God and humanity till death, admonishing the living to surrender their lives to Jesus Christ. He noted that it was appointed for a man to die once, after which his judgement, just as he added that whether big or small, rich or poor, every man must die. Our correspondent reports that dignitaries at the event included Senator Ajayi Boroffice, representing Ondo North Senatorial District; Senator Yele Omogunwa, representing Ondo South Senatorial District; Gov. Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti; and former governor, Dr Olusegun Mimiko. Others are Tanko Muhammed, Acting Chief Justice of Nigeria, represented by Justice Amina Augie of Supreme Court; Eddy Olafeso, National Vice Chairman, PDP; Bode Ayorinde, member representing Owo/Ose Federal Constituencies at House of Representatives; Otunba Oyewole Fasawe, and traditional rulers in Ondo State. It was also reported that letters of condolence from prominent people include President Muhammadu Buhari and Former President Olusegun Obasanjo.