eTranzact, Africa’s premier e-payments solution provider, has been specially recognized with the Best Corporate Turnaround and Transformation award at the Business Day Top 25 CEOs & Next Bulls Awards. The event which was organized by Business Day Media in conjunction with the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE), recognize companies and CEOs that have taken actions that has grown or substantially improve their business, and offer prospects of a long-term value. For eTranzact, this has been clearly demonstrated by the enhanced performance of the company’s switching platform, its sustainable financial results, and the restoration of confidence among shareholders and major customers. The company also embarked on strategic investment in its people and infrastructure, which has led to better customer retention, and improved service delivery. Also, in the same event, the MD/CEO, eTranzact International PLC, Mr. Niyi Toluwalope, was awarded with one of the Top 25 CEOs’ Awards in recognition of his stellar performance. While receiving both awards, Mr. Toluwalope expressed his delight at the great transformation happening in the company. He stated that: “We are very excited we were able to improve on our earnings, and put factors in place to achieve sustainability.” According to him, “we were focused on setting key performance indices around user experience, platform stability and technology development, and we are pleased that we were able to achieve the goals we set for ourselves.” Founded in September 2003, eTranzact is Nigeria’s first award winning, multi-application and multi-channel electronic transaction switching and payment processing platform.  It has evolved into a brand with global reach with operations in Nigeria, Ghana, and South Africa, with expansion inclination to more countries in the world.
Since Inception, eTranzact has deployed mobile payment solutions to banks, non-bank financial institutions and was recently granted license by the CBN to provide Mobile Money services to individuals with a special focus on the unbanked.