The Ogun State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, has reinstated Mr. Olusoji Majekodunmi, Deputy Director in the Ministry of Education, Science and Technology, who was sacked by the immediate past administration for alleged dereliction of duty. Also reinstated was the former Chairman, Nigerian Union of Teachers, Ogun State Chapter, Mr. Dare Ilekoya who had been compulsorily retired for alleged infractions, during the 2017 World Teachers Day celebration. Governor Abiodun, who announced the reinstatement during the 2019 World Teachers Day celebration held at the MKO Abiola Stadium, Kuto, Abeokuta, said the action was “to encourage teachers and also the right thing to do.”
 Mr Olusanjo Majekodunmi, who was compulsorily retired by the Senator Ibikunke Amosun-led government, was the deputy director in charge of setting the controversial English Language questions for the State’s unified examination in 2015 and Mr Oludare Ilekoya, a former chairman of the Nigerian Union of Teachers (NUT), was compulsorily retired for his “open” support for opposition politicians during the 2017 World Teachers Day. The Ogun State Governor said that his administration would continue to ensure that the rights of teachers were protected and he called on teachers to be guided by the laws of the civil service.
Abiodun noted that the celebration of the World Teachers Day was a key element of nation building and a catalyst for the mental, physical, social and spiritual development of humanity, adding that the celebration was a great day of joy for teachers and equally those trained or brought up by teachers. “I know very much the sacrifices that teachers make on a daily basis to impart knowledge, considering the prevailing socio-economic situation where we have continued to see that students spend a longer part of their days with their teachers. The teachers are fast becoming foster parents as well, and as such, a good student is not just a reflection of the home, but also of the teacher. Celebrating our teachers is, therefore, not a thing of one, but of all days,” he said. Abiodun enjoined the teachers to double their efforts so as to achieve better performance from  students in the Senior School Certificate Examination (SSCE) and other examinations, commending the academic excellence and sagacity of professional tutors and teachers at the national level through the exploits of Yewa College, Ilaro; Comprehensive High School, Ayetoro; Ijebu-Ode Grammar School; Adeola Odutola College; Mayflower, Ikenne; and, Abeokuta Grammar School. Abiodun also charged labour leaders to be cautious and moderate in pushing forward their requests to government, saying that unionism is a part of the fundamental rights of workers. He urged the labour unions and associations to always show understanding in their agitations. The Goverrnor described education as a key element of nation building and a catalyst for mental, physical, social and spiritual develoment of humanity. He acknowledged teachers for their contributions to the socio-economic life of the nation. He said the celebration was to take stock of where the education sector was and where it ought to be by focusing on, accessing and improving education that would provide an opportunity to consider issues relating to teachers and the teaching profession. “It is in emphasising the importance of the teaching and learning process and to raise the profile and increase the awareness of the profession. “The rising importance of education does not only reflect the reality of our society, it also resonates in the new demands of the comtemporary world. Technology is fast changing the mood of operation in every facet of life and this has reflected in service delivery of the teaching profession and the development of any nation,” he said. Governor Abiodun said the declaration of a state of emergency in the education sector was to take a holistic approach in meeting the Sustainable Develoment Goals (SDGs), adding that the teachers’ welfare would continue to receive the needed attention as his administration was poised at repositioning the sector. Speaking earlier, the State Chairman, NUT, Comrade Titilope Adebanjo, said teachers occupied an important position not only in the business of teaching and learning but also in the development of the society as a whole.
He called for the improvement in teachers’ condition of service to attain desired standards, adding that they were ready to contribute their quota to reposition the sector. Also speaking, the State Chairman of the Academic Staff Union of Secondary Schools (ASUSS), Comrade Akeem Lasisi, said  a clinical analysis of this year’s theme showed that all was not well with the teaching profession, especially in Nigeria, calling on governments at all levels to work towards revamping the sector.
He commended the government for approving the release of 2016/ 2017 promotion for teachers in the State, pledging to double their efforts to take the education sector to greater heights.