Nigeria’s leading media measurement and evaluation agency, P+ Measurement Services, has announced the introduction of a dedicated Broadcast Analytics audit Reporting platform to help brands interpret their TV and radio advert compliance reports. In a statement made available to NEWSVERGE, the agency said the new solution, regarded as the first of its kind in the Nigerian marketing communications industry, would help brands transform their reports, usually in Excel sheets, into a smart and easy-to-navigate dashboard for easy interpretation. Explaining how brands can leverage the innovative reporting dashboard to gain insights into their campaigns, Lead Consultant at P+ Measurement Services, Mr. Philip Odiakose, said companies can leverage the solution in two ways. “We believe there’s a whole lot of intelligence buried in the dozens of reports by media monitoring agencies. We believe monitoring agencies need to go the extra mile to present their reports in a way that allows brand owners to easily draw insights from their placements and make smarter decision for the business,” he said. “To achieve this, it’s either we handle your broadcast monitoring and auditing or you provide us with your broadcast compliance data sheet monthly. With our broadcast analytics solution, our goal is to replicate the same success we have recorded with the print and online media segments. Odiakose, who said his team was also committed to empowering brand handlers with tools and skills to measure and scale the impact of their communication efforts. A Media Analyst Associate at the agency, Gilbert Alasa, said the integrated solution offers marketing communications managers a single view of their marketing channels all on a single dashboard. “As an agency, we have always advised clients to make measurement and evaluation a critical part of their campaign plans. Now, we have taken a step further to help communications managers measure the impact of their programs in an easy-to-understand reporting dashboard. P+ Measurement Services is Nigeria’s first and leading independent PR measurement and evaluation agency in Nigeria providing detailed and unbiased media monitoring, measurement and performance audit solutions to businesses. A member of the US-based International Association for the Measurement and Evaluation of Communication, AMEC, P+ Measurement Services was recently announced as Best Media Monitoring and Measurement agency of the year by NMNA.