The House of Representatives has urged the Federal Government to declare a state of emergency on drug abuse in the country.  This was sequel to a unanimous adoption of a motion by Rep. Francis Agbo (PDP-Benue) at the plenary on Thursday. Moving the motion earlier, Agbo said that a study has shown that there was a correlation between the level of drug abuse and the frequency and severity of crimes in any society. He said it included trans-border crimes as a result of which a vicious circle of drugs-crimes had been created. According to him, it is often not surprising that many of those arrested for various crimes have been drug addicts. The legislator said that drug abuse and its effects were considered as major challenge confronting teenagers and youths globally. He said that it is now endemic in Nigeria among youths which had made it not only a scourge but a threat to public health and security of the nation. Agbo who represents Ado/Okpokwu/Ogbadibo Federal Constituency in Benue said that incidence of drug abuse and addiction had no age limits as some victims were as young 15 years of age. He said more youths were getting involved in criminal activities than hitherto, partly because they considered indulgence in drug as fun or due to peer group pressure. According to him, the proliferation of drug use and demand for illicit substances has also created an underground economy of its own where crimes flourish as opportunistic criminal’s battle for turf and the proceeds. According to him, the habit hurt the victim’s finances as a lot of money is expended on maintaining the habit of drug or substance abuse. He said that Nigeria had been rated by a recent statistics of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) as having the highest number of citizens serving jail terms for drug-related offences across the world. The legislator expressed concern that cannabis, described as the most abused drug globally by the World Health Organisation (WHO) could be obtained from all corners around the country. He said that another worrisome trend was the growing abuse of synthetic and designer drugs coupled with the increasing number of household items and other easily-accessible narcotizing agents. “Amphetamine, methamphetamine, cocaine, heroin, plant thinner, glue, codeine-laced cough syrup, cement and animal excreta which are widely abused have joined the list of abused substances in the country. “Efforts made by the Federal Government in placing ban on importation and production of some unregulated drugs such as codeine, Tramadol and Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) related cough syrup and the consequent arrests and prosecution of drug offenders does not appear to have deterred them. “The NDLEA recently raised an alarm on the increasing inflow of new substances, revealing that 796 of them have been discovered, from the 739, in the previous year. “The development is linked to the continued upsurge in criminal activities such as rape, cultism, kidnappings, armed robbery, banditry and even accidents, all of which have created unacceptable burden on individuals, families, communities and the country at large,’’ he said. The House recommended that the federal government should develop preventive strategies such as enlightenment campaigns against drug abuse. The legislators urged government to ensure increase funding for the NDLEA and direct its relevant health institutions to develop new and improved treatment regimens to help people with substance abuse disorders recover and regain normal lives. The green chambers also urged government to establish functional rehabilitation centres that would have the status of specialist hospitals with psychiatrists, psychologists, toxicologists, professional councilors and other relevant experts. The lawmakers called on the NDLEA, NAFDAC and other relevant agencies to develop and enforce a National Prescription Policy. In his ruling, the Speaker of the House, Mr Femi Gbajabiamila mandated the Committees on Narcotic Drugs, Healthcare Services and Legislative Compliance to ensure implementation and report back in three months for further legislative action.