A medical practitioner, Dr Zubair Abdullahi has advised Nigerians to take the issue of their personal health seriously as Mouka, the nation’s leading mattress manufacturing company staged a health walk around Ikeja, Lagos on Friday, to sensitize its staff and Nigerians on wellbeing as part of activities marking its 60th anniversary in Nigeria. Abdullahi explained that regular exercise and good sleeping habit are vital to healthy living which is critical to the nation’s economic productivity. He listed other impediments to good health to include poor personal hygiene and sanitation; improper diet, drinking unsafe water and abuse of alcohol among others. While addressing the staff, Mr. Raymond Murphy, Mouka’s Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer, maintained that the importance of health and good living cannot be over-emphasized, adding that a healthy work force is a valuable asset to any company. “Our company is sixty years old and you can see the impact of a healthy workforce in terms of growth, expansion and the quality of products we produce. This can only happen because all members of staff of the company are fit and healthy,” he said. Ahead of the 60th anniversary, which started last week, Mouka was endorsed by the Nigeria Association of Orthopaedic Manual Therapists (NAOMT). The endorsement comes on the back of consistency in quality delivery and innovative mattress production, which have characterized the brand’s health asset in Nigeria. National President of the association, Dr. Onigbinde Ayodele, described the endorsement of Mouka as an offshoot of a detailed assessment of the brand’s portfolio. “Good sleep in the beginning of good health…and good sleep is a function of good sleeping platform. All these are vital to productivity at home and at work,” he said. The foundation for Mouka was laid 60 years ago in the historic city of Kano when the scion of the Faiz Moukarim family started the Moukarim Metalwood factory to manufacture furniture and iron beds. Since then, Mouka has gone into manufacturing of foam and spring mattresses, as well as other bedding products at its three production facilities across Nigeria.  The company has also developed an extensive distribution network with more than 1,000 branded sales outlets and over 300 third-party distributors across the country.