The Vice Chancellor of the University of Ibadan, Prof. Abel Olayinka, says the institution has recorded so many achievements within the two years of the tenure of the current Pro Chancellor and Chairman of its Governing Council, Elder Joshua Waklek.  Prof. Olayinka made the remark in Jos on Friday at Waklek’s 70th Birthday and Book presentation. He said that the university had recorded more development under Waklek in recent years than under any other governing council of the institution. Also speaking at occasion, Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau, said that it was Elder Joshua Waklek who is his father in-law, that advised him to go into politics as a young lawyer. He told the gathering that Elder Waklek encouraged him to contest for member of the Plateau House of Assembly which he won and eventually became the Speaker of the House. He said that three things endeared him to his father in-law whom he also described as a friend. “Three things endeared him to me; one was his sense of history. “The other is that he is a linguist, he speaks so many languages including my language which he would use to tell me stories about my people. “And the third is politics; he knew so much about politics even though he was a civil servant. “Anytime he closed from work, I  will rush to his house to listen to him about issues in these three areas I have mentioned. “One day, he encouraged me to go into politics that I will lose nothing as a professional,” the governor said. Lalong described Waklek, a retired permanent secretary and former Auditor-General of Plateau, as hardworking and a straightforward personality. He said the University of Ibadan would not regret having him as its pro-chancellor and chairman of governing council. Prof. Joseph Golwa, the reviewer of the 12-chapter book, said Waklek was trained according to Ngas culture that upholds respect for others, hard work and truth. Golwa said that the celebrant showed brilliance in all academic pursuits that brought him to the level he attained in life. “Joshua sees the task of giving to society as a responsibility he must not toil with and he gave his all to the service of humanity. “The children bear the name of parents and it is our responsibility to teach the morals and other things that will make them responsible members of the society like today’s celebrant,” he urged. Waklek, in his remarks, thanked the people for honouring him with their presence.