Gov. Gboyega of Osun, on Friday, swore-in four state High Court judges, with a promise of better welfare for the judiciary.  Oyetola, during the swearing-in ceremony in Osogbo, said his administration would continue to provide an enabling environment for the three arms of government to operate and function efficiently, effectively and productively. The governor, who described the judiciary as sine qua non to the socioeconomic, political and democratic sustainability of any society, said that his administration would ensure the independence of the judiciary. He said: “The swearing-in of these judges barely 24 hours after the inauguration of the state Executive Council is a testament to the readiness of our administration to fortify and give an enabling environment to the three arms of government. “This is to ensure that they offer efficient services that will deliver our development agenda without compromising their individual responsibilities. “Judiciary is an important arm of government; the last hope of the common man and the face of the presence of rule of law in a polity. “It is our hope that with these appointments, the interest of justice will be better served in the state. “Our administration will continue to offer improved welfare package to the judiciary and give it an enabling environment to discharge its services with unblemished integrity.” “Indeed, the judiciary is our ally in our resolve to uplift our state and offer qualitative and equitable service to the people. I thank them for their services to the state and the people. The governor urged the judiciary to continue to uphold the tenets and ethics of impartiality, equity, independence and incorruptibility, which were the hallmark of the bench and the bar. He commended the state Chief Judge, Justice Oyebola Ojo for providing the right leadership for the judiciary. “As a government, we hold the judiciary in high esteem and we have enjoyed a high level of uncompromising support and relationship from that arm of government,” Oyetola said. It was reported that the newly inaugurated were Justices Mathias Agboola, Lawrence Arojo, Olorunfemi Ajanaku and Sikiru Oke. Speaking on behalf of the new judges, Justice Agboola lauded the governor for counting them worthy to further serve the people of the state at higher positions. He expressed their readiness to contribute their own quota towards the advancement of the state and the administration of justice.