Stakeholders in the Water, Sanitation and Hygiene (WASH) sector have underscored the need for a multi-sectoral approach to ending open defecation in Nigeria.  The stakeholders gave the suggestion during the ongoing Forum on Sanitation organised by Private Sector in Water, Sanitation and Hygiene (PS-WASH) in Abuja on Tuesday. It was reported that the theme of the forum is: “Coordinating Indigenous Private Sector Initiatives to End Open Defecation in Nigeria’’. Mr Nicholas Igwe, the Managing Director, Zenith Project Ltd., said effective collaboration of the expanded private sector with donor agencies would go a long way in addressing the challenges of WASH in Nigeria. According to him, development partners cannot bridge the cap alone as there is a need for a multi-sectoral approach to address the issue. He said the stakeholders would seek assistance from financial institutions and convince them on the inherent advantage in it. “We also need to reach out to truck owners that do waste evacuation to come under the umbrella of PS-WASH. “We need to bring everyone under one umbrella; that is the aim of this forum,’’ Igwe said. Ms Hussein Bangshika, the representative of the Chairman, Nigerians in Diaspora Commission said there was for effective collaboration to tackle the issue of WASH. Bangshika also said the issue of open defecation should be approached with all sense of emergency to record achievements in 100 local governments in about two years. “A multi-sectoral approach is needed but continuous advocacy must start from the grassroots. “If the local governments do not commit to it, progress will be slow, so we must all commit to ending open defecation,’’ she said. Bangshika said that lack of dignity was inherent in open defecation practices, particularly with regard to women and girls. She said women and girls were more vulnerable and most affected by the lack of public toilets. “It affects everyone but women are mostly affected by inadequate WASH facilities.’’ Mr Micheal Ali, the President, Borehole Drillers Association of Nigeria said without having good water supply, it would be difficult for Nigeria to become open defecation free. According to Ali, open defecation is more common in the rural areas and their major source of water supply is underground water. He said that the cities now resort to digging boreholes to get water for domestic use and the underground water “is greatly hampered by open defecation’’. “If we do not address the issue of underground water exploitation, we are going to create another problem. “So, as we address open defecation problem collectively, we should look ahead at solving water supply problem and that is what our association is doing,’’ Ali said.