The Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR), says it will collaborate with all stakeholders in ensuring safe petroleum products transportation system across the country to reduce truck accidents.  Mr Oluwole Akinyosoye, the Zonal Operations Controller in charge of Lagos, Ogun, Oyo, Kwara, Osun States disclosed this at a news conference on Friday in Lagos ahead of the agency’s forthcoming 2019 stakeholders’ Annual General Meeting (AGM). It was reported that the theme for this year’s AGM is ‘‘Ensuring a Safe Petroleum Products Transportation System’’. Akinyosoye said that the stakeholders meeting was to discuss issues on how to mitigate incessant petroleum tanker accidents on Nigerian roads and the implications to the economy. According to him, at the AGM, root causes of tanker incidents among others will be discussed to further strengthen its processes in this regard, especially for the Lagos zone and Nigeria in general. “I wish to express my profound appreciation to all our stakeholders who have continued to show immense support and cooperation with the department in ensuring compliance and safety in downstream operations. “Today, we are witnesses of the recent petroleum tanker mishaps –the Mile 2 Lagos incident on Oct. 15 and a tanker laden with petrol spilled on Ozumba Mbadiwe due to failure of the tank shell . “We recall the tragic incident that occurred on Otedola Bridge on June 28, 2018. At this incident, 12 lives were lost, many people were injured and at least 55 vehicles were lost to the inferno. “This persistent carnage by road haulage of petroleum products in our society necessitates a choice of our theme for this year,” he said. The controller said that the DPR had always used the platform of the AGM to interact with stakeholders, especially to discuss and proffer solutions to major operational challenges that face the industry and the nation at large. Akinyosoye said that the major stakeholder units expected to participate in the proposed meeting include executives of Petroleum Tanker Drivers (PTD), Depot and Petroleum Product Marketers Association of Nigeria (DAPMAN). He said others were Independent Petroleum Product Marketers Association of Nigeria (IPMAN), Major Oil Marketers Association of Nigeria (MOMAN) and Lubricant Producers Association of Nigeria (LUPAN). Akinyosoye said the Lagos State Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources , Federal and State Fire Services Lagos and the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) would also participate. “We wish to assure you that the department is committed toward working with all stakeholders to drive and enhance good business practices and safety culture in the downstream sector and the petroleum industry as a whole. “Using the proposed gathering, we are going to sharpen our regulatory initiatives to ensuring better safety, especially in the road haulage system,” he said.