The Aliko Dangote Foundation, on Wednesday empowered no fewer than 23, 990 women with N239.9 million in Sokoto state.  The foundation Chairman, Alhaji Aliko Dangote, President Dangote Group of Company, said the gesture is part of its Micro Grant Scheme. “The Micro Grant Scheme is one component of the economic empowerment programme of the Aliko Dangote Foundation, aimed at complementing efforts of government. “The programme was launched some few years ago and has been systematically rolled out nationwide to reach 1,000 women in each local government area of the country. “To ensure inclusiveness, the programme is executed in partnership with state governments in order to complement their drive for economic empowerment and poverty reduction,” he said. Dangote added that the foundation had in the last Ramadan distributed more than N300 million worth of food to 106,000 beneficiaries across Sokoto, Katsina, Kebbi, and Zamfara states. “As a follow up to that intervention, we are here today to flag up the second phase of our intervention of the micro grant scheme. “In Sokoto we are empowering 23, 990 women including 990 eligible women from the Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) camp in Rabah Local Government Area of the state. “The 23, 990 vulnerable women identified by the state Zakkat and Endowment Commission will be provided with the unconditional cash grant of N10, 000 each. “This is in order to burst their house hold income, which we believe will reduce by half the vulnerability and meet their lively hood need,” he added. Dangote, while appreciating the state government, assured of more partnership with the state’s Zakkat Commission and donated N80 million to the commission’s N21.1 million non-interest loan for women and vulnerable persons. In his address Gov. Aminu Tambuwal, commended Dangote and the foundation for the continued collaboration with the state in many other areas of human development. He expressed optimism that the beneficiaries would make judicious use of the funds to reduce poverty and allow others to benefit in the subsequent programme. “However, I believe that the gesture is one of the best ways to address poverty in the society, as such the state government will continue to support such programmes. “We will continue to welcome each and every individual, corporate bodies and organisations who are willing and ready to partner with the state in this endeavour,” he said. The Sultan of Sokoto Alhaji Sa’ad Abubakar, represented by the Emir of Argungu, Alhaji Sama’ila Muhammad-Mera, commended Dangote for his support to the needy across the country. Abubakar the beneficiaries to use the funds in raising their standard of living, as well as making their families’ lives better.