The New Faces New Voices (NFNV) Women in Finance Network, says it is evolving mechanism that will enhance opportunities for trade expansion and growth for  entrepreneurs in the country. Hajiya Aishatu Aminu, the Country Director of NFNV-Nigeria, disclosed this at a news conference on Tuesday in Lagos. Aminu said that the association would assist women entrepreneurs with initiatives and partnerships aimed at bridging the access to finance and market gaps faced by women in Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) sector. According to her, NFNV-Nigeria will through its Women in Business, Export and Finance (WIBEF) Summit proffer solutions, networking and capacity-building opportunities for women entrepreneurs. She said that the summit which would hold on Oct. 24 and Oct. 25 in Lagos would expose women entrepreneurs to vital information and contacts that would position them strategically to advance their businesses in a competitive world. “Our aim is to assist more women get into the formal market, boost their competitiveness and trade level and advance their access to finance. “There are lots of funds out there but the challenges of bureaucracy and its bottlenecks discourage many women entrepreneurs, and makes them doubt the sincerity of the government and the financiers. “We will leverage on our contacts and expertise to enhance access to finance for women and expose them to multiple funding options in the marketplace,” she said. She disclosed that some experts expected at the forthcoming summit would include: Mrs Cecilia Akintomide, former AfDB’s Secretary General, Ms Ifeyinwa Ugochukwu, CEO, Tony Elumelu Foundation (TEF) and Mrs Graça Machel, Founder of GMT/NFNV, among others. Aminu stressed that collaborative efforts involving women entrepreneurs, government agencies and stakeholders were key to achieving a sustainable and inclusive economy. She urged the Federal Government to increase its engagement with stakeholders in the business community to enhance formulation of business friendly policies and initiatives that would serve as catalyst to economic growth. The NFNV was established by the Graça Machel Trust to expand the role and participation of women in the financial sector. Its objective is to increase women’s access to finance and financial services, build capacity and skills of African women. It is also to increase the number, visibility and influence of women in leadership and decision-making positions in the financial sector. It has its presence in : Nigeria, Cameroon, Cote d’Ivoire, the DRC, Egypt, Ethiopia, Kenya, Mozambique, Niger, Rwanda, Senegal, South Africa, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia and Zimbabwe.